Nine noble families fight for control over the lands of Westeros, while an ancient enemy returns after being dormant for millennia.
A high school chemistry teacher diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer turns to manufacturing and selling methamphetamine in order to secure his family's future.
When a young boy disappears, his mother, a police chief and his friends must confront terrifying supernatural forces in order to get him back.
Follows the personal and professional lives of six twenty to thirty-something-year-old friends living in Manhattan.
Sheriff Deputy Rick Grimes wakes up from a coma to learn the world is in ruins and must lead a group of survivors to stay alive.
A modern update finds the famous sleuth and his doctor partner solving crime in 21st century London.
A woman who moves into an apartment across the hall from two brilliant but socially awkward physicists shows them how little they know about life outside of the laboratory.
He's smart. He's lovable. He's Dexter Morgan, America's favorite serial killer, who spends his days solving crimes and nights committing them. Golden Globe winner Michael C. Hall stars in the hit SHOWTIME Original Series.
A father recounts to his children - through a series of flashbacks - the journey he and his four best friends took leading up to him meeting their mother.
Seasonal anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law.
The survivors of a plane crash are forced to work together in order to survive on a seemingly deserted tropical island.
A mockumentary on a group of typical office workers, where the workday consists of ego clashes, inappropriate behavior, and tedium.
Due to a political conspiracy, an innocent man is sent to death row and his only hope is his brother, who makes it his mission to deliberately get himself sent to the same prison in order to break the both of them out, from the inside.
An anthology series exploring a twisted, high-tech multiverse where humanity's greatest innovations and darkest instincts collide.
Vikings transports us to the brutal and mysterious world of Ragnar Lothbrok, a Viking warrior and farmer who yearns to explore - and raid - the distant shores across the ocean.
A Congressman works with his equally conniving wife to exact revenge on the people who betrayed him.
A gangster family epic set in 1900s England, centering on a gang who sew razor blades in the peaks of their caps, and their fierce boss Tommy Shelby.
Set at the intersection of the near future and the reimagined past, explore a world in which every human appetite can be indulged without consequence.
An animated series that follows the exploits of a super scientist and his not-so-bright grandson.
Geralt of Rivia, a solitary monster hunter, struggles to find his place in a world where people often prove more wicked than beasts.
An unusual group of robbers attempt to carry out the most perfect robbery in Spanish history - stealing 2.4 billion euros from the Royal Mint of Spain.
An antisocial maverick doctor who specializes in diagnostic medicine does whatever it takes to solve puzzling cases that come his way using his crack team of doctors and his wits.
Two brothers follow their father's footsteps as hunters, fighting evil supernatural beings of many kinds, including monsters, demons and gods that roam the earth.
Spoiled billionaire playboy Oliver Queen is missing and presumed dead when his yacht is lost at sea. He returns five years later a changed man, determined to clean up the city as a hooded vigilante armed with a bow.
The travels of a lone bounty hunter in the outer reaches of the galaxy, far from the authority of the New Republic.
A blind lawyer by day, vigilante by night. Matt Murdock fights the crime of New York as Daredevil.
Hundreds of cash-strapped players accept a strange invitation to compete in children's games. Inside, a tempting prize awaits with deadly high stakes. A survival game that has a whopping 45.6 billion-won prize at stake.
Three different but related families face trials and tribulations in their own uniquely comedic ways.
A chronicled look at the criminal exploits of Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar, as well as the many other drug kingpins who plagued the country through the years.
On the run from a drug deal gone bad, brilliant college dropout Mike Ross finds himself working with Harvey Specter, one of New York City's best lawyers.
The trials and tribulations of criminal lawyer, Jimmy McGill, in the time before he established his strip-mall law office in Albuquerque, New Mexico as Saul Goodman.
Elliot, a brilliant but highly unstable young cyber-security engineer and vigilante hacker, becomes a key figure in a complex game of global dominance when he and his shadowy allies try to take down the corrupt corporation he works for.
New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano deals with personal and professional issues in his home and business life that affect his mental state, leading him to seek professional psychiatric counseling.
Various chronicles of deception, intrigue and murder in and around frozen Minnesota. Yet all of these tales mysteriously lead back one way or another to Fargo, North Dakota.
A group of vigilantes set out to take down corrupt superheroes who abuse their superpowers.
After being struck by lightning, Barry Allen wakes up from his coma to discover he's been given the power of super speed, becoming the Flash, fighting crime in Central City.
A bipolar CIA operative becomes convinced a prisoner of war has been turned by al-Qaeda and is planning to carry out a terrorist attack on American soil.
The Baltimore drug scene, as seen through the eyes of drug dealers and law enforcement.
The lives, loves, dangers and disasters in the town, Mystic Falls, Virginia. Creatures of unspeakable horror lurk beneath this town as a teenage girl is suddenly torn between two vampire brothers.
Lucifer Morningstar has decided he's had enough of being the dutiful servant in Hell and decides to spend some time on Earth to better understand humanity. He settles in Los Angeles - the City of Angels.
An anthology series centering on different characters and locations, including a house with a murderous past, an insane asylum, a witch coven, a freak show circus, a haunted hotel, a possessed farmhouse, a cult, the apocalypse, a slasher summer camp, and a bleak beach town and desert valley.
The continuing misadventures of neurotic New York City stand-up comedian Jerry Seinfeld and his equally neurotic New York City friends.
Level-headed son Michael Bluth takes over family affairs after his father is imprisoned. But the rest of his spoiled, dysfunctional family are making his job unbearable.
In a war-torn world of elemental magic, a young boy reawakens to undertake a dangerous mystic quest to fulfill his destiny as the Avatar, and bring peace to the world.
Convicted of a decade old crime of transporting drug money to an ex-girlfriend, normally law-abiding Piper Chapman is sentenced to a year and a half behind bars to face the reality of how life-changing prison can really be.
Comedy series following the exploits of Det. Jake Peralta and his diverse, lovable colleagues as they police the NYPD's 99th Precinct.
A biker struggles to balance being a father and being involved in an outlaw motorcycle club.
Follows teenager Clay Jensen, in his quest to uncover the story behind his classmate and crush, Hannah, and her decision to end her life.
The mercurial villain Loki resumes his role as the God of Mischief in a new series that takes place after the events of “Avengers: Endgame.”
Set in the late 1970s, two FBI agents are tasked with interviewing serial killers to solve open cases.
A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss.
Five hundred years in the future, a renegade crew aboard a small spacecraft tries to survive as they travel the unknown parts of the galaxy and evade warring factions as well as authority agents out to get them.
A hedonistic jingle writer's free-wheeling life comes to an abrupt halt when his brother and 10-year-old nephew move into his beach-front house.
A teenage boy with a sex therapist mother teams up with a high school classmate to set up an underground sex therapy clinic at school.
A suspended lawyer is forced to enroll in a community college with an eccentric staff and student body.
In the unreal world of Sacred Heart Hospital, intern John "J.D." Dorian learns the ways of medicine, friendship and life.
Explores the early relationship between renowned psychiatrist Hannibal Lecter and a young FBI criminal profiler who is haunted by his ability to empathize with serial killers.
The absurd antics of an Indiana town's public officials as they pursue sundry projects to make their city a better place.
Set ninety-seven years after a nuclear war has destroyed civilization, when a spaceship housing humanity's lone survivors sends one hundred juvenile delinquents back to Earth, in hopes of possibly re-populating the planet.
Telepathic waitress Sookie Stackhouse encounters a strange new supernatural world when she meets the mysterious Bill Compton, a southern Louisiana gentleman and vampire.
Common people discover that they have super powers. Their lives intertwine as a devastating event must be prevented.
The life of Spartacus, the gladiator who lead a rebellion against the Romans. From his time as an ally of the Romans, to his betrayal and becoming a gladiator, to the rebellion he leads and its ultimate outcome.
A new FBI profiler, Elizabeth Keen, has her entire life uprooted when a mysterious criminal, Raymond Reddington, who has eluded capture for decades, turns himself in and insists on speaking only to her.
An F.B.I. agent is forced to work with an institutionalized scientist and his son in order to rationalize a brewing storm of unexplained phenomena.
A drama about one of New York's most prestigious ad agencies at the beginning of the 1960s, focusing on one of the firm's most mysterious but extremely talented ad executives, Donald Draper.
A scrappy, feisty, fiercely loyal Chicago family makes no apologies.
The story behind Detective James Gordon's rise to prominence in Gotham City in the years before Batman's arrival.
A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by.
A young woman with a troubled past is drawn to a small town in Maine where fairy tales are to be believed.
After the murder of his family, Marine veteran Frank Castle becomes the vigilante known as "The Punisher," with only one goal in mind: to avenge them.
Two F.B.I. Agents, Fox Mulder the believer and Dana Scully the skeptic, investigate the strange and unexplained, while hidden forces work to impede their efforts.
Five friends with big egos and small brains are the proprietors of an Irish pub in Philadelphia.
After a bad break-up, Jess, an offbeat young woman, moves into an apartment loft with three single men. Although they find her behavior very unusual, the men support her - most of the time.
Set in a dystopian future, a woman is forced to live as a concubine under a fundamentalist theocratic dictatorship.
The missions of the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division.
Following the tragic end of her brief superhero career, Jessica Jones tries to rebuild her life as a private investigator, dealing with cases involving people with remarkable abilities in New York City.
A family of former child heroes, now grown apart, must reunite to continue to protect the world.
A chronicle of the lives of the British aristocratic Crawley family and their servants in the early twentieth century.
An idiosyncratic FBI agent investigates the murder of a young woman in the even more idiosyncratic town of Twin Peaks.
Follows the political rivalries and romance of Queen Elizabeth II's reign and the events that shaped the second half of the twentieth century.
The cases of the F.B.I. Behavioral Analysis Unit (B.A.U.), an elite group of profilers who analyze the nation's most dangerous serial killers and individual heinous crimes in an effort to anticipate their next moves before they strike again.
The apparently perfect lives of upper-class mothers, at a prestigious elementary school, unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint Californian beach town.
An Atlantic City politician plays both sides of the law by conspiring with gangsters during the Prohibition era.
Jack Bauer races against the clock to subvert terrorist plots and save his nation from ultimate disaster.
A famous "psychic" outs himself as a fake, and starts working as a consultant for the California Bureau of Investigation so he can find "Red John", the madman who killed his wife and daughter.
A writer tries to juggle his career, his relationship with his daughter and his ex-girlfriend, as well as his appetite for beautiful women.
James is 17 and is pretty sure he is a psychopath. Alyssa, also 17, is the cool and moody new girl at school. The pair make a connection and she persuades him to embark on a road trip in search of her real father.
American college football coach Ted Lasso heads to London to manage AFC Richmond, a struggling English Premier League football team.
An ex-CIA agent and a wealthy programmer save lives via a surveillance AI that sends them the identities of civilians involved in impending crimes. However, the details of the crimes, including the civilians' roles, are left a mystery.
Set in utopian Piltover and the oppressed underground of Zaun, the story follows the origins of two iconic League champions-and the power that will tear them apart.
Privileged teens living on the Upper East Side of New York can hide no secret from the ruthless blogger who is always watching.
A down-to-earth account of the lives of both illustrious and ordinary Romans set in the last days of the Roman Republic.
Film star Vince Chase navigates the vapid terrain of Los Angeles with a close circle of friends and his trusty agent.
A comedy revolving around a group of teenage friends, their mishaps, and their coming of age, set in 1970s Wisconsin.
Decades after their 1984 All Valley Karate Tournament bout, a middle-aged Daniel LaRusso and Johnny Lawrence find themselves martial-arts rivals again.
Four friends band together against an anonymous foe who threatens to reveal their darkest secrets, while also investigating the disappearance of their best friend.
When an old enemy, the Cylons, resurface and obliterate the 12 colonies, the crew of the aged Galactica protect a small civilian fleet - the last of humanity - as they journey toward the fabled 13th colony, Earth.
Set in a future where consciousness is digitized and stored, a prisoner returns to life in a new body and must solve a mind-bending murder to win his freedom.
After a serial killer imitates the plots of his novels, successful mystery novelist Richard "Rick" Castle receives permission from the Mayor of New York City to tag along with an NYPD homicide investigation team for research purposes.
Forensic anthropologist Dr. Temperance "Bones" Brennan and cocky F.B.I. Special Agent Seeley Booth build a team to investigate murders. Quite often, there isn't more to examine than rotten flesh or mere bones.
A group of people around the world are suddenly linked mentally, and must find a way to survive being hunted by those who see them as a threat to the world's order.
A look at life for a group of high school students as they grapple with issues of drugs, sex, and violence.
An English combat nurse from 1945 is mysteriously swept back in time to 1743.
Covert black ops and espionage take a back seat to zany personalities and relationships between secret agents and drones.
The comedic misadventures of Roy, Moss and their grifting supervisor Jen, a rag-tag team of IT support workers at a large corporation headed by a hotheaded yuppie.
The story of Saitama, a hero that does it just for fun & can defeat his enemies with a single punch.
Four people and their otherworldly frienemy struggle in the afterlife to define what it means to be good.
A group of ambitious law students and their brilliant criminal defense professor become involved in a twisted murder plot that promises to change the course of their lives.
In the 24th century, a group of humans untangle a vast plot which threatens the Solar System's fragile state of detente.
A group of ambitious misfits try to escape the harsh realities of high school by joining a glee club headed by a passionate Spanish teacher.
Follows the struggle of Richard Hendricks, a Silicon Valley engineer trying to build his own company called Pied Piper.
A young woman, destined to slay vampires, demons and other infernal creatures, deals with her life fighting evil, with the help of her friends.
BoJack Horseman was the star of the hit television show "Horsin' Around" in the '80s and '90s, but now he's washed up, living in Hollywood, complaining about everything, and wearing colorful sweaters.
An average high school student and his best friend get caught up in some trouble causing him to receive a werewolf bite. As a result they find themselves in the middle of all sorts of dramas in Beacon Hills.
The cases of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service's Washington, D.C. Major Case Response Team, led by Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs.
A high school mathlete starts hanging out with a group of burnouts while her younger brother navigates his freshman year.
While navigating the troubled waters of romance, school and family, Archie and his gang become entangled in dark Riverdale mysteries.
A comedy series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy.
When a twenty-something computer geek inadvertently downloads critical government secrets into his brain, the C.I.A. and the N.S.A. assign two agents to protect him and exploit such knowledge, turning his life upside down.
A collection of animated short stories that span various genres including science fiction, fantasy, horror and comedy.
DCI John Luther is a near-genius murder detective whose brilliant mind can't always save him from the dangerous violence of his passions.
A streetwise, poor young man from Philadelphia is sent by his mother to live with his aunt, uncle and cousins in their Bel-Air mansion.
A chronicle of the lives of a dysfunctional family who run an independent funeral home in Los Angeles.
Adventurer James Keziah Delaney returns to London during the War of 1812 to rebuild his late father's shipping empire. However, both the government and his biggest competitor want his inheritance at any cost - even murder.
A family of power-hungry thousand-year-old vampires look to take back the city that they built and dominate all those who have done them wrong.
A heartwarming and emotional story about a unique set of triplets, their struggles and their wonderful parents.
A white-collar criminal agrees to help the FBI catch other white-collar criminals using his expertise as an art and securities thief, counterfeiter, and conman.
A gifted young teen tries to survive life with his dimwitted, dysfunctional family.
When a sabotaged experiment gives him super strength and unbreakable skin, Luke Cage becomes a fugitive attempting to rebuild his life in Harlem and must soon confront his past and fight a battle for the heart of his city.
A young man is bestowed with incredible martial arts skills and a mystical force known as the Iron Fist.
After Tony's wife dies, his nice-guy persona is altered into an impulsive, devil-may-care attitude; taking his old world by storm.
A Walking Dead spinoff set in Los Angeles, California. Follows two families who must band together to survive the undead apocalypse.
Secrets and truths unfold through the lives of female friends in one suburban neighborhood, after the mysterious suicide of a neighbor.
With the help of the powerful Dragonballs, a team of fighters led by the saiyan warrior Goku defend the planet earth from extraterrestrial enemies.
A young Clark Kent struggles to find his place in the world as he learns to harness his alien powers for good and deals with the typical troubles of teenage life in Smallville, Kansas.
The Roy family is known for controlling the biggest media and entertainment company in the world. However, their world changes when their father steps down from the company.
The life and times of Larry David and the predicaments he gets himself into with his friends and complete strangers.
Four female New Yorkers gossip about their sex lives (or lack thereof) and find new ways to deal with being a woman in the late 1990s.
As Alfred the Great defends his kingdom from Norse invaders, Uhtred--born a Saxon but raised by Vikings--seeks to claim his ancestral birthright.
The adventures of Superman's cousin in her own superhero career.
Liz Lemon, head writer of the sketch comedy show "TGS with Tracy Jordan", must deal with an arrogant new boss and a crazy new star, all while trying to run a successful television show without losing her mind.
Explorer Sir Malcolm Murray, American gunslinger Ethan Chandler, scientist Victor Frankenstein and medium Vanessa Ives unite to combat supernatural threats in Victorian London.
An emotionally troubled young woman sets out to exact revenge against the people who wronged her father.
A dramedy centering around the relationship between a thirtysomething single mother and her teen daughter living in Stars Hollow, Connecticut.
About Cal Lightman, the world's leading deception expert who studies facial expressions and involuntary body language to expose the truth behind the lies.
A homicide detective discovers he is a descendant of hunters who fight supernatural forces.
Avatar Korra fights to keep Republic City safe from the evil forces of both the physical and spiritual worlds.
Ten years before Kirk, Spock, and the Enterprise, the USS Discovery discovers new worlds and lifeforms as one Starfleet officer learns to understand all things alien.
Anthology series that examines how and why ordinary people commit brutal crimes.
Set almost 100 years after Captain Kirk's 5-year mission, a new generation of Starfleet officers set off in the U.S.S. Enterprise-D on its own mission to go where no one has gone before.
Wealth, lust, and betrayal set against the backdrop of Regency-era England, seen through the eyes of the powerful Bridgerton family.
Bumbling, childlike Mr. Bean has trouble completing the simplest of tasks in day-to-day life, but his perseverance and resourcefulness frequently allow him to find ingenious ways around problems.
Naruto Uzumaki, is a loud, hyperactive, adolescent ninja who constantly searches for approval and recognition, as well as to become Hokage, who is acknowledged as the leader and strongest of all ninja in the village.
A newsroom undergoes some changes in its workings and morals as a new team is brought in, bringing unexpected results for its existing news anchor.
An adult animated series based on the Skybound/Image comic about a teenager whose father is the most powerful superhero on the planet.
When rich video-store magnate Johnny Rose and his family suddenly find themselves broke, they are forced to leave their pampered lives to regroup in Schitt's Creek.
Bounty hunter Boba Fett and mercenary Fennec Shand navigate the underworld when they return to Tatooine to claim Jabba the Hutt's old turf.
Up-and-coming CIA analyst Jack Ryan is thrust into a dangerous field assignment as he uncovers a pattern in terrorist communication that launches him into the center of a dangerous gambit.
After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked.
The story of an office that faces closure when the company decides to downsize its branches. A documentary film crew follow staff and the manager David Brent as they continue their daily lives.
A modern take on the cases of Sherlock Holmes, with the detective now living in New York City.
The murder of a young boy in a small coastal town brings a media frenzy, which threatens to tear the community apart.
A police investigation, the saga of a grieving family, and a Seattle mayoral campaign all interlock after the body of 17-year-old Rosie Larsen is found in the trunk of a submerged car.
A streetwise hustler is pulled into a compelling conspiracy after witnessing the suicide of a girl who looks just like her.
When a suburban mother turns to dealing marijuana in order to maintain her privileged lifestyle after her husband dies, she finds out just how addicted her entire neighborhood already is.
A ranching family in Montana faces off against others encroaching on their land.
After her husband leaves her, young mother of two Miriam "Midge" Maisel discovers that she has a talent for stand-up comedy. Could this be her calling?
An invisible and mysterious force field descends upon a small actual town of Chester's Mill, Maine, USA, trapping residents inside, cut off from the rest of civilization. The trapped townspeople must discover the secrets and purpose of the "dome" or "sphere" and its origins, while coming to learn more than they ever knew about each other and animals too.
A contemporary prequel to Psycho, giving a portrayal of how Norman Bates' psyche unravels through his teenage years, and how deeply intricate his relationship with his mother, Norma, truly is.
A show set in the late 1800s, revolving around the characters of Deadwood, South Dakota; a town of deep corruption and crime.
Time-travelling rogue Rip Hunter has to recruit a rag-tag team of heroes and villains to help prevent an apocalypse that could impact not only Earth, but all of time.
With a pay check that is lower than what the local beggar is earning, and with a wife and two children whose only interest is to rob him of his last cents, shoe-salesman Al Bundy is lucky ...                See full summary »
Follows Captain Flint and his pirates twenty years prior to Robert Louis Stevenson's classic novel "Treasure Island."
Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous.
A ne'er do well wins $100,000 in the lottery and decides to right all the wrongs from his past with his newfound realization.
A seemingly cold but very passionate policewoman goes head to head with a seemingly passionate father who is in fact a cold serial killer in this procedural out of Belfast. The only thing they share is their common complexity.
This series follows the Special Victims Unit, a specially trained squad of detectives in the N.Y.P.D., who investigate sexually related crimes.
A group of young offenders doing community service get struck by lightning during a storm, and begin to develop superpowers.
The Dark Knight battles crime in Gotham City with occasional help from Robin and Batgirl.
In a dystopian America dominated by Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan, a young woman discovers a mysterious film that may hold the key to toppling the totalitarian regimes.
An ex-con assumes the identity of a murdered sheriff in the small town of Banshee, Pennsylvania, where he has some unfinished business.
U.S. Marshal Raylan Givens is reassigned from Miami to his childhood home in the poor, rural coal mining towns of eastern Kentucky.
A series chronicling the daily activities of an unusual prison facility and its criminal inhabitants.
After crash-landing on an alien planet, the Robinson family fight against all odds to survive and escape, but they're surrounded by hidden dangers.
Twin siblings Dipper and Mabel Pines spend the summer at their great-uncle's tourist trap in the enigmatic Gravity Falls, Oregon.
Two young women waitressing at a greasy spoon diner strike up an unlikely friendship in the hopes of launching a successful business - if only they can raise the cash.
At the height of the Cold War, two Russian agents pose as the average American couple, complete with family.
A team of young superheroes combat evil and other perils.
A novice sleuth is hired by the Police after he cons them into thinking he has psychic powers which help solve crimes. With the assistance of his reluctant best friend, the duo take on a series of complicated cases.
The misadventures of a talking sea sponge who works at a fast food restaurant, attends a boating school, and lives in an underwater pineapple.
An inside look at the lives of the people who help America wake up in the morning, exploring the unique challenges faced by the men and women who carry out this daily televised ritual.
Exploring pivotal moments from the Marvel Cinematic Universe and turning them on their head, leading the audience into uncharted territory.
An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals.
Three years after the disappearance of 2% of the global human population, a group of people in a small New York community try to continue their lives while coping with the tragedy of the unexplained nature of the event.
Filmed over a 10-year period, Steven Avery, a DNA exoneree who, while in the midst of exposing corruption in local law enforcement, finds himself the prime suspect in a grisly new crime.
Naruto Uzumaki, a mischievous adolescent ninja, struggles as he searches for recognition and dreams of becoming the Hokage, the village's leader and strongest ninja.
Set in a high fantasy world where magic exists, but only some can access it, a woman named Moiraine crosses paths with five young men and women. This sparks a dangerous, world-spanning journey. Based on the book series by Robert Jordan.
Hotel owner Basil Fawlty's incompetence, short fuse, and arrogance form a combination that ensures accidents and trouble are never far away.
A secret military team, SG-1, is formed to explore other planets through the recently discovered Stargates.
New money means no mercy as Mike Prince takes the Axe Capital throne. Chuck Rhoades is convinced no one should have that much wealth - or power. As all the players seek out new alliances only one thing's for certain - wealth means war.
Jack Reacher was arrested for murder and now the police need his help. Based on the books by Lee Child.
As her 16th birthday nears, Sabrina must choose between the witch world of her family and the human world of her friends. Based on the Archie comic.
A 12-year-old boy and his best friend, wise 28-year-old dog with magical powers, go on a series of surreal adventures with each other in a remote future.
David Haller is a troubled young man diagnosed as schizophrenic, but after a strange encounter, he discovers special powers that will change his life forever.
Survivors of an alien attack on earth gather together to fight for their lives and fight back.
A low-level Cabinet member becomes President of the United States after a catastrophic attack kills everyone above him in the line of succession.
Shaun Murphy, a young surgeon with autism and Savant syndrome, is recruited into the surgical unit of a prestigious hospital.
A troubled youth becomes embroiled in the lives of a close-knit group of people in the wealthy, upper-class neighborhood of Newport Beach, Orange County, California.
A brilliant and charismatic, yet psychotic serial killer communicates with other active serial killers and activates a cult of believers following his every command.
Gon Freecss aspires to become a Hunter, an exceptional being capable of greatness. With his friends and his potential, he seeks for his father who left him when he was younger.
Follows four friends and their antics during their final years of school.
Former Daily Show host and correspondent John Oliver brings his persona to this weekly news satire program.
Ray Donovan, a professional "fixer" for the rich and famous in Los Angeles, can make anyone's problems disappear except those created by his own family.
Picking up where The Suicide Squad (2021) left off, Peacemaker returns home after recovering from his encounter with Bloodsport - only to discover that his freedom comes at a price.
Jedi Knights lead the Grand Army of the Republic against the droid army of the Separatists.
A recently released ex-convict named Shadow meets a mysterious man who calls himself "Wednesday" and who knows more than he first seems to about Shadow's life and past.
A young American woman from the Midwest is hired by a marketing firm in Paris to provide them with an American perspective on things.
Fifteen years after a permanent global blackout, a group of revolutionaries seek to drive out a tyrannical militia that's taken over the former United States of America.
Centers on the Shannons, an ordinary family from 2149 when the planet is dying, who are transported back 85 million years to prehistoric Earth where they join Terra Nova, a colony of humans with a second chance to build a civilization.
Sam, an 18-year-old on the autism spectrum, decides it's time to find a girlfriend, a journey that sets Sam's mom on her own life-changing path as her son seeks more independence.
Series following an elite team of police forensic evidence investigation experts as they work their cases in Las Vegas.
A cynical young woman in New York City keeps dying and returning to the party that's being thrown in her honor on that same evening. She tries to find a way out of this strange time loop.
Three sisters discover their destiny, to battle against the forces of evil, using their witchcraft. They are the Charmed Ones.
A working man from the National Investigation Agency tries to protect the nation from terrorism, but he also needs to keep his family safe from his secret job.
Dr. Frasier Crane moves back to his hometown of Seattle, where he lives with his father, and works as a radio psychiatrist.
The story of a group of British teens who are trying to grow up and find love and happiness despite questionable parenting and teachers who would rather be friends (and lovers) than authority figures.
Delivery man Doug Heffernan has a good life: He has a pretty wife (Carrie), a big television, and friends with which to watch it. Then Carrie's goofy and annoying father Arthur moves in with them.
In the 23rd Century, Captain James T. Kirk and the crew of the U.S.S. Enterprise explore the galaxy and defend the United Federation of Planets.
In 1946, Peggy Carter is relegated to secretarial duties in the Strategic Scientific Reserve (SSR). When Howard Stark is accused of treason, he secretly recruits Peggy to clear his name with the help of his butler, Edwin Jarvis.
The rise of the Guadalajara Cartel as an American DEA agent learns the danger of targeting narcos in Mexico.
Ordinary people find themselves in extraordinarily astounding situations, which they each try to solve in a remarkable manner.
These are the brand new adventures of Merlin, the legendary sorcerer as a young man, when he was just a servant to young Prince Arthur on the royal court of Camelot, who has soon become his best friend, and turned Arthur into a great king and a legend.
A mysterious viral outbreak with hallmarks of an ancient and evil strain of vampirism ravages the city of New York.
Follows the lives and cases of a dirty Los Angeles Police Department cop and the unit under his command.
Half-brothers Lucas and Nathan Scott trade between kinship and rivalry both on the basketball court and in the hearts of their friends in the small, but not so quiet town of Tree Hill, North Carolina.
The life of Louie C.K., a divorced comedian living in New York with two kids.
Investigators are confounded over an unspeakable crime that's been committed.
Dark forces conspire against orphan mapmaker Alina Starkov when she unleashes an extraordinary power that could change the fate of her war-torn world.
A rivalry between big cat eccentrics takes a dark turn when Joe Exotic, a controversial animal park boss, is caught in a murder-for-hire plot.
Bob Belcher runs his dream restaurant with his wife and three children as their last hope of holding the family together.
Follows Leonardo Da Vinci during his early days in Florence, as a young artist, inventor and dreamer, trying to change the future.
Teenage friends find their lives upended by the wonders and horrors of puberty.
Alicia Florrick (Julianna Margulies) has been a good wife to her husband, a former state's attorney. After a very humiliating sex and corruption scandal, he is behind bars. She must now provide for her family and returns to work as a litigator in a law firm.
After their father is murdered under mysterious circumstances, the three Locke siblings and their mother move into their ancestral home, Keyhouse, which they discover is full of magical keys that may be connected to their father's death.
A dramatic series about the reign and marriages of King Henry VIII.
After a supernatural event at his church, a preacher enlists the help of a vampire and his ex to find God.
The series follows Adrian Monk, a brilliant former San Francisco detective, who now consults the police as a private consultant who battles with an obsessive-compulsive disorder.
A spy recently disavowed by the U.S. government uses his special ops training to help others in trouble.
Inside the lives of staffers in the West Wing of the White House.
Androids are tasked with raising human children on a mysterious planet.
The original surreal sketch comedy showcase for the Monty Python troupe.
A series about a powerful friendship that blossoms between a tightly wound widow and a free spirit with a shocking secret.
The personal and professional life of Dev, a 30-year-old actor in New York.
Jane Doe is found in Times Square with no memory and mysterious tattoos on her body.
A tale of the bungling of Armageddon features an angel, a demon, an eleven-year-old Antichrist, and a doom-saying witch.
A former White House Communications Director starts her own crisis management firm only to realize her clients are not the only ones with secrets.
Steve McGarrett returns home to Oahu in order to find his father's killer; The Governor offers him the chance to run his own task force - Five-0.
Follow Jeremy, Richard, and James, as they embark on an adventure across the globe, driving new and exciting automobiles from manufacturers all over the world.
After her best friend is murdered, and her father is removed as county Sheriff, Veronica Mars dedicates her life to cracking the toughest mysteries in the affluent town of Neptune.
Set in the 1960s, the series, packed with mystery and suspense, depicts the adventures of Doctor Refaat Ismail, a single hematologist who finds himself faced with a series of supernatural events.
Far in a dystopian future, the human race has lost the sense of sight, and society has had to find new ways to interact, build, hunt, and to survive. All of that is challenged when a set of twins are born with sight.
In a world replete with greed, betrayal, sexual intrigue and rivalry, "Marco Polo" is based on the famed explorer's adventures in Kublai Khan's court in 13th century Mongolia.
Ash has spent the last thirty years avoiding responsibility, maturity, and the terrors of the Evil Dead until a Deadite plague threatens to destroy all of mankind and Ash becomes mankind's only hope.
A comedy about the experiences of a group of girls in their early 20s.
A woman is rescued from a doomsday cult and starts life over again in New York City.
The vampire Angel, cursed with a soul, moves to Los Angeles and aids people with supernatural-related problems while questing for his own redemption.
The comical everyday life of sports columnist Ray Barone and his dysfunctional family.
An exploratory ship from Earth faces intergalactic challenges 400 years in the future.
Pulled to the far side of the galaxy, where the Federation is seventy-five years away at maximum warp speed, a Starfleet ship must cooperate with Maquis rebels to find a way home.
A medical resident finds that being a zombie has its perks, which she uses to assist the police.
An average twenty-eight-year-old man who gains the ability to use the full extent of his brain's capabilities is hired by the F.B.I. as a consultant.
An international team of scientists and military personnel discover a Stargate network in the Pegasus Galaxy and come face-to-face with a new, powerful enemy, The Wraith.
Three strangers who share an obsession with true crime suddenly find themselves caught up in one.
Picks up 25 years after the inhabitants of a quaint northwestern town are stunned when their homecoming queen is murdered.
Sheila and Joel are married real estate agents who live and work in Santa Clarita, California. When Sheila dies, their lives take a dark turn.
Based in Atlanta, Earn and his cousin Alfred try to make their way in the world through the rap scene. Along the way they come face to face with social and economic issues touching on race, relationships, poverty, status, and parenthood.
A drama that follows the lives of the Dillon Panthers, one of the nation's best high school football teams, and their head coach Eric Taylor.
An L.A.P.D. homicide detective works to solve the murder of a thirteen-year-old boy while standing trial in federal court for the murder of a serial killer.
A look into the daily (or rather, nightly) lives of three vampires, who've lived together for over 100 years, on Staten Island.
Comedian Dave Chappelle hosts this sketch-comedy show that parodies many of the nuances of race and culture.
A man is able to choose his own afterlife after his untimely death, by having his consciousness uploaded into a virtual world. As he gets used to his new life and befriends his angel (real world handler), questions about his death arise.
A young girl is destined to liberate her world from the grip of the Magisterium which represses people's ties to magic and their animal spirits known as daemons.
The people tasked with creating a sixth branch of the armed services: The Space Force.
Follow-up series to Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987) and Star Trek: Nemesis (2002) that centers on Jean-Luc Picard in the next chapter of his life.
In the vicinity of the liberated planet of Bajor, the Federation space station Deep Space Nine guards the opening of a stable wormhole to the far side of the galaxy.
After her mother disappears, Clary must venture into the dark world of demon hunting, and embrace her new role among the Shadowhunters.
A vampire hunter fights to save a besieged city from an army of otherworldly creatures controlled by Dracula.
A special task force in the FBI investigates after every person on Earth simultaneously blacks out and awakens with a short vision of their future.
A detective from the year 2077 finds herself trapped in present-day Vancouver and searching for ruthless criminals from the future.
A hit man from the Midwest moves to Los Angeles and gets caught up in the city's theatre arts scene.
Ichabod Crane is resurrected and pulled two and a half centuries through time to unravel a mystery that dates all the way back to the founding fathers.
A look at the lives of young FBI recruits training at the Quantico base in Virginia when one of them is suspected of being a sleeper terrorist.
Set after the events in Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991), Sarah Connor and her son, John, try to stay under-the-radar from the government, as they plot to destroy the computer network, Skynet, in hopes of preventing Armageddon.
Bret and Jemaine are Flight of the Conchords, a folk-rock band from New Zealand living in New York City in search of stardom.
Series of adventures, war, and evil that occur throughout the history of the Four Lands.
After the loss of their parents in a mysterious fire, the three Baudelaire children face trials and tribulations attempting to uncover dark family secrets.
The lives, loves and losses of the doctors and nurses of Chicago's County General Hospital.
A human detective and a fairy rekindle a dangerous affair in a Victorian fantasy world, where the city's uneasy peace collapses when a string of murders reveals an unimaginable monster.
Mark and Jez are a couple of twenty-something roommates who have nothing in common - except for the fact that their lives are anything but normal. Mayhem ensues as the pair strive to cope with day-to-day life.
Dragon Ball tells the tale of a young warrior by the name of Son Goku, a young peculiar boy with a tail who embarks on a quest to become stronger and learns of the Dragon Balls, when, once all 7 are gathered, grant any wish of choice.
Princess Tiabeanie, 'Bean', is annoyed at her imminent arranged marriage to Prince Merkimer. Then she meets Luci, a demon, and Elfo, an elf, and things get rather exciting, and dangerous.
Bernard Black runs a book shop, though his customer service skills leave something to be desired. He hires Manny as an employee. Fran runs the shop next door. Between the three of them many adventures ensue.
A widowed broadcaster raises his three daughters with assistance from his rock'n'roll brother-in-law and his madcap best friend.
The crew of a naval destroyer is forced to confront the reality of a new existence when a pandemic kills off most of the earth's population.
Almost two years after a virus wiped out most of the human race, Phil Miller only wishes for some company, but soon gets more than he bargained for when that company shows up in the form of other survivors.
After discovering time travel, a university student and his colleagues must use their knowledge of it to stop an evil organization and their diabolical plans.
An in-depth look at how an FBI profiler helped track down the terrorist Ted Kaczynski, the Unabomber.
The cases of the Miami-Dade, Florida police department's Crime Scene Investigations unit.
Many years after he turned his back on his hometown, a burned-out major league ballplayer returns to teach Physical Education at his old middle school.
A 200-year-old man works in the New York City Morgue trying to find a key to unlock the curse of his immortality.
A pastry chef with the power to bring dead people back to life solves murder mysteries with his resurrected childhood sweetheart, a cynical private investigator, and a lovesick waitress.
Andy Millman (Ricky Gervais) is an actor with ambition and a script. Reduced to working as an extra with a useless agent, Andy's attempts to boost his career invariably end in failure and embarrassment.
A small town in Kansas is literally left in the dark after seeing a mushroom cloud over near-by Denver, Colorado. The townspeople struggle to find answers about the blast and solutions on how to survive.
Set in a tropical resort, it follows the exploits of various guests and employees over the span of a week.
An extraterrestrial race arrives on Earth with seemingly good intentions, only to slowly reveal their true machinations the more ingrained into society they become.
Sydney is a teenage girl navigating the trials and tribulations of high school while dealing with the complexities of her family, her budding sexuality, and mysterious superpowers just beginning to awaken deep within her.
The dark and twisted trials of two plastic surgeons.
A superhero-loving boy without any powers is determined to enroll in a prestigious hero academy and learn what it really means to be a hero.
Drama series following the investigations of AC-12, a controversial police anti-corruption unit.
A Secret Service agent goes to Wayward Pines, Idaho, in search of two federal agents who have gone missing in the bucolic town. He soon learns that he may never get out of Wayward Pines alive.
Gay lawyer Will and straight interior designer Grace share a New York City apartment. Their best friends are gleeful and proud gay Jack and charismatic, filthy-rich, amoral socialite Karen.
Hundreds of years from now, surviving humans discover how to send consciousness back through time, into people of the 21st century, while attempting to change the path of humanity.
The story of firefighters and paramedics in the city of Chicago, both on a personal and professional level.
Friends Tim and Daisy, 20-something North Londoners with uncertain futures, must pretend to be a couple to live in the only apartment they can afford.
The regulars of the Boston bar "Cheers" share their experiences and lives with each other while drinking or working at the bar where everybody knows your name.
Meet a child genius named Sheldon Cooper (already seen as an adult in The Big Bang Theory (2007)) and his family. Some unique challenges face Sheldon, who is socially impaired.
Former Senator Selina Meyer finds that being Vice President of the United States is nothing like she hoped and everything that everyone ever warned her about.
Three incoming freshmen attending Midwestern college football powerhouse Blue Mountain State must quickly adapt to college life and juggle football, girls, classes and nonstop hazing.
The Naval Criminal Investigation Service's Office of Special Projects takes on the undercover work and the hard to crack cases in LA. Key agents are G. Callen and Sam Hanna, streets kids risen through the ranks.
A U.S. Marshal becomes the sheriff of a remote, cozy little Northwestern town of Eureka where the best minds in the US have secretly been tucked away to build futuristic inventions for the government which often go disastrously wrong.
Newspaper illustrator John Moore meets with criminal psychologist (alienist) Dr. Laszlo Kreizler to investigate a serial killer in New York during the late 19th century.
A man struggling with his faith who is haunted by the sins of his past is suddenly thrust into the role of defending humanity from the gathering forces of darkness.
An eccentric genius forms an international network of super-geniuses to act as the last line of defense against the complicated threats of the modern world.
A look at the lives of employees at a big box store.
A complex saga of humans scattered on planets throughout the galaxy all living under the rule of the Galactic Empire.
A weekly documentary in which two Hollywood special effects experts attempt to debunk urban legends by directly testing them.
In 1947, Mildred Ratched begins working as a nurse at a leading psychiatric hospital. But beneath her stylish exterior lurks a growing darkness.
Pete and Myka, U.S Secret Service agents, are deployed in South Dakota's Warehouse 13 with a new assignment from an authority above and outside the government.
Stuck in the middle of World War I, Captain Edmund Blackadder does his best to escape the banality of the war.
New Yorker and new doctor Zoe Hart accepts an offer from a stranger, Dr. Harley Wilkes, to work in his medical practice in Bluebell, Alabama. She arrives to find that he has died and left half the practice to her in his will.
A century before Captain Kirk's five-year mission, Jonathan Archer captains the United Earth ship Enterprise during the early years of Starfleet, leading up to the Earth-Romulan War and the formation of the Federation.
A group of aliens are sent to Earth, disguised as a human family, to experience and report life on the third planet from the sun.
A samurai, sent through time, fights to return home and save the world.
The Civil War is past, but former Confederate soldier Cullen Bohannon can't put it behind him. Fresh are the memories of the death of his wife, killed at the hands of the Union soldiers, an act that sets him on a course of revenge.
Seven years after the world has become a frozen wasteland, the remnants of humanity inhabit a perpetually-moving train that circles the globe, where class warfare, social injustice and the politics of survival play out.
A straight-laced propane salesman in Arlen, Texas tries to deal with the wacky antics of his family and friends, while also trying to keep his son in line.
A rogue assassin returns to take down the secret organization that trained her.
In the fifteenth century, Pope Alexander VI tries to control all power in Italy with the help of his several sons, through murder, intrigue, war, and marriage alliances.
A single-camera comedy featuring three friends who work together as telemarketers from 9 to 5, and live together from 5 to 9.
The adventures of a young orphan girl living in the late 19th century. Follow Anne as she learns to navigate her new life on Prince Edward Island, in this new take on L.M. Montgomery's classic novels.
A family finds themselves forced to face their past secrets and scars when the black sheep returns home.
A crew of high-tech crooks attempt to steal from wealthy criminals and corrupt businessmen.
Comedy that follows two brothers from London's rough Peckham estate as they wheel and deal through a number of dodgy deals and search for the big score that'll make them millionaires.
Diana Bishop, historian and witch, accesses Ashmole 782 and knows she must solve its mysteries. She is offered help by the enigmatic Matthew Clairmont, but he's a vampire and witches should never trust vampires.
Trapped on an Ancient spaceship billions of light-years from home, a group of soldiers and civilians struggle to survive and find their way back to Earth.
In a not-so-distant future, a human cop and an android partner team up to protect and serve.
A commercial airliner suddenly reappears after being missing for five years. As those aboard reintegrate into society, they experience guiding voices and visions of events yet to occur, and soon a deeper mystery unfolds.
Sydney Bristow is an international spy recruited out of college, trained for espionage and self-defense.
The adventures of an idealistic mad scientist and his field team of superpowered outcasts.
Three suburban mothers suddenly find themselves in desperate circumstances and decide to stop playing it safe and risk everything to take their power back.
Holistic detective Dirk Gently investigates cases involving the supernatural.
After being recruited to a secretive academy, a group of students discover that the magic they read about as children is very real-and more dangerous than they ever imagined.
A futuristic laboratory has erased the identities of lost young people, and now imprints them with the temporary identities they need to fulfill assignments for clients.
A boy who is half human and half deer survives in a post-apocalyptic world with other hybrids.
The daily mishaps of a married woman and her semi-dysfunctional family and their attempts to survive life in general in the town of Orson, Indiana.
Mary, Queen of Scots, faces political and sexual intrigue in the treacherous world of the French court.
A famous guest host stars in parodies and sketches created by the cast of this witty show.
An ensemble comedy that follows a group of old friends in a fantasy football league who care deeply about one another -- so deeply that they use every opportunity to make each other's lives miserable.
Follows the Dutton family on a journey west through the Great Plains toward the last bastion of uncolonised America.
A look at the professional and personal lives of the staff at New York's Knickerbocker Hospital during the early part of the twentieth century.
The misadventures of a boy genius and his annoying sister.
A young, devout Catholic woman discovers that she was accidentally artificially inseminated.
16 year old Cassie Blake moves to Chance Harbor, Washington to live with her grandmother after her mother mysteriously dies. She discovers she's a witch along with 5 other teens.
Finding out that their husbands are not just work partners, but have also been romantically involved for the last twenty years, two women with an already strained relationship try to cope with the circumstances together.
A group of bored delinquents are transported to a parallel dimension as part of a survival game.
A comedy news show featuring humorous takes on top stories.
CSI head Detective Mac Taylor and his team solve crimes using forensic science in New York City.
A disgraced lawyer, now an ambulance chaser, gets a case that could bring him redemption or at least revenge on the firm which expelled him.
In the Tudor court of Elizabeth I, Lord Edmund Blackadder strives to win Her Majesty's favour while attempting to avoid a grisly fate should he offend her.
After a group of people, who meet online, discover a bizarre graphic novel which seems to hold mysterious answers, they find themselves being tracked down by a merciless organization known merely as 'The Network'.
Boston Legal is a spin-off of the long-running David E. Kelley series The Practice (1997), following the exploits of former Practice character Alan Shore (James Spader) at the legal firm of Crane, Poole, and Schmidt.
A mighty warrior and a young boy with supernatural powers search for enlightenment in a ruthless post-apocalyptic America controlled by feudal barons.
A young woman, caught between the dead and the living, helps the dead resolve unfinished business with the living.
Seven of the most formidable heroes form arguably the most powerful team ever.
James "Ghost" St. Patrick, a wealthy New York night club owner who has it all, catering to the city's elite and dreaming big, lives a double life as a drug kingpin.
Six best friends talk about all aspects of sex and relationships on their never-ending quest to find true love.
A look at the personal and professional lives of a group of women who perform for a wrestling organization in Los Angeles during the 1980s.
As the reappearance of 4,400 missing persons on a single day confounds the global community, federal agents on the case slowly discover the ways in which the victims have been changed.
The complicated life of a modern-day first generation Indian American teenage girl, inspired by Mindy Kaling's own childhood.
A struggling novelist and a young waitress strike up an extramarital relationship that promises to forever change the course of their lives.
During the Great Depression, an Oklahoma farm boy and a charismatic minister learn that they are key players in a proxy war being fought between Heaven and Hell.
A Kansas family relocates to Beverly Hills, where their two children adapt to the infamous social drama of West Beverly Hills High.
An unpopular 15-year-old gains immediate, yet unwanted, popularity at her high school when the student body mistakes an accident she has for a suicide attempt.
Based on the stories of Stephen King, the series intertwines characters and themes from the fictional town of Castle Rock.
Follows the journey of a time traveler from the post-apocalyptic future who appears in present day on a mission to locate and eradicate the source of a deadly plague that will nearly destroy the human race.
Ginny Miller, an angsty fifteen-year-old, often feels more mature than her thirty-year-old mother, the irresistible and dynamic Georgia Miller.
A reckless flight attendant with an alcoholism problem wakes up in the wrong hotel, in the wrong bed, with a dead man - and no idea what happened. Unable to piece the night together, she begins to wonder if she could be the killer.
The cases of eccentric, but sharp, Belgian detective Hercule Poirot.
A judge confronts his convictions when his son is involved in a hit and run that embroils an organized crime family. Facing impossible choices, he discovers how far a father will go to save his son's life.
Supernatural, semihistorical, horror anthology series, where each season is inspired by a different infamous or mysterious real life historical tragedy.
In the Regency era, Mr E. Blackadder serves as butler to the foppish numskull Prince George amidst the fads and crazes of the time.
Smart but wholesome Betty embraces her unique appearance and independent attitude in the cutthroat world of New York fashion.
The daily trials and tribulations of Tim "The Tool Man" Taylor, a television show host raising three mischievous boys with help from his loyal co-host, loving wife, and eccentric neighbor.
Follows the escapades and relationships of a group of neighbors living in Gulfhaven, Florida.
The offbeat adventures of Courage, a cowardly dog who must overcome his own fears to heroically defend his unknowing farmer owners from all kinds of dangers, paranormal events and menaces that appear around their land.
Phineas and Ferb invent, scheme, and stay one step ahead of their bratty sister. Meanwhile, their pet platypus plots against evil Dr. Doofenshmirtz.
Improvisational comedy competition show in which four members of the regular cast as comedians and often with guest appearances with other comedians and celebrities and members of the audience perform various comic games and sketches.
A group of teenagers from the wrong side of the tracks stumble upon a treasure map that unearths a long buried secret.
In this spin-off of Friends (1994), Joey Tribbiani moves to Los Angeles to pursue his acting career.
A revival of the popular 1990s sitcom "Roseanne", which centered on the everyday life of an American working-class family.
After being fired from her job and dumped by her boyfriend, a cosmetics saleswoman becomes the nanny to the three children of a rich English widower. As time passes, the two fall for each other.
A widower struggling to raise his emotionally challenged son discovers that he can predict events before they happen.
Pop culture references fly thick and fast as stop-motion animation is featured in sketches lampooning everything from television movies to comic books.
Life in the city of Defiance, in a near future after the arrival of different alien lifeforms to Earth.
Batwoman seeks justice for Gotham City.
When a CIA officer investigates a man, and his followers, attracting international attention through acts of public disruption, she embarks on a global high-stakes mission to uncover whether he is a divine entity, or a deceptive con artist.
Working for the F.B.I., a mathematician uses equations to help solve various crimes.
The story of a depressed man who inexplicably is the only one who can see his neighbor's dog as a full grown man in a dog suit.
An adolescent with two siblings tests his various theories about life as he endures the trials of growing up alongside a good friend.
A series centered around a group of football players and their families, friends and handlers.
After being hit on the head by a toilet seat, a young temp clerk becomes a grim reaper in death.
An astronaut named Gary and his planet-destroying sidekick called Mooncake embark on serialized journeys through space in order to unlock the mystery of where the universe actually ends and if it actually does exist.
In the dystopian 27th century, six people wake up on a deserted spaceship with no memory of who they are or what they're doing there. They reluctantly team up and set off to find answers with the help of a female android.
An unlikely trio travel through time in order to battle unknown criminals and protect history as we know it.
A program that follows a couple who must navigate the exhilarations and humiliations of intimacy, commitment and other things they were hoping to avoid.
A team of mutant superheroes fight for justice and human acceptance in the Marvel Comics universe.
Three petty felons have a documentary made about their life in a trailer park.
An archivist hired to restore a collection of tapes finds himself reconstructing the work of a filmmaker and her investigation into a dangerous cult.
Three super-powered little girls constantly save the world (or at least the city of Townsville) from monsters, would-be conquerers and a few other gross things.
The adventures of the Family Guy (1999) neighbor and former deli owner, Cleveland Brown.
Four friends in a small coastal town help each other cope with adolescence.
The members of the Torchwood Institute, a secret organization founded by the British Crown, fight to protect the Earth from extraterrestrial and supernatural threats.
Four previously married women live together in Miami, sharing their various experiences together and enjoying themselves despite hard times.
The daily surreal adventures of a blue jay and raccoon duo that attempt to deal with their mundane jobs as groundskeepers at the local park.
A serialized anthology series that follows a group of teenagers being targeted by a masked serial killer.
A semi-anthology series that centers on characters being terrorized by a serial killer in different locations, including a university and a hospital.
Adventures of a teenage pop star who keeps her identity secret from even her closest friends by using a disguise on-stage.
A brave and clever ragtag starship crew stands up against the evil Empire as it tightens its grip on the galaxy and hunts down the last of the Jedi Knights.
A high school becomes ground zero for a zombie virus outbreak. Trapped students must fight their way out or turn into one of the rabid infected.
Secrets are just part of daily life in the small Pennsylvania town of Hemlock Grove, where the darkest evils hide in plain sight.
Three misfit priests and their housekeeper live on Craggy Island, not the peaceful and quiet part of Ireland that it seems to be.
In 1963, all the prisoners and guards mysteriously disappear from Alcatraz. In the present day, they resurface and a secret agency are tasked with re-capturing them.
A young African-American travels across the U.S. in the 1950s in search of his missing father.
In a parallel present where the latest must-have gadget for any busy family is a 'Synth' - a highly-developed robotic servant that's so similar to a real human - is transforming the way we live.
A hip-hop mogul must choose a successor among his three sons who are battling for control over his multi-million dollar company, while his ex-wife schemes to reclaim what is hers.
Teenage superheroes strive to prove themselves as members of the Justice League.
Two teens become step brothers. One is an awkward geek and the other is a popular musician.
Satirical newscaster Stephen Colbert provides humorous commentary on the big issues going on in the United States and the rest of the world, with his larger-than-life ego and overly-patriotic spirit along with him every step of the way.
After being tortured and humiliated by his babysitter, a ten year old boy is put under the care of two fairy godparents, who can grant him almost any wish, which leads to dire consequences.
Q, Sal, Joe and Murr are real-life best friends who love challenging each other to the most outrageous dares and stunts ever caught on hidden camera.
An aging actor, who long ago enjoyed a brush with fame, makes his living as an acting coach.
A royal woman living in rural Russia during the 18th century is forced to choose between her own personal happiness and the future of Russia, when she marries an Emperor.
Yorkshire based crime drama centering on the personal and professional life of Police Sergeant Catherine Cawood.
Revolves around a family of New York cops.
The adventures of a secret Agent armed with almost infinite scientific resourcefulness.
When a sixteen-year-old high school student finds out she's a witch, her two aunts offer guidance on how to control her newly-discovered magical powers.
Carly hosts her own home-grown web show, iCarly, Carly and sidekick Sam's regular webcasts ultimately feature everything from comedy sketches and talent contests to interviews, recipes, and problem-solving.
This Chicago-set sitcom follows the intertwined lives of six young urbanites trying to learn the ropes of adulthood. Through breakups and whatever other curve-balls life throws them, the pals stick together.
In the Middle Ages, Prince Edmund the Black Adder constantly schemes and endeavors to seize the crown from his father and brother.
The son of a Colorado rancher returns home from a semi-pro football career to run the family business.
Many in the coastal town of Haven, Maine have a dormant curse or "trouble" that could trigger at any time for any reason. FBI agent Audrey Parker, the sheriff and the town's black sheep must deal with the troubles' deadly effects.
An injured hitman befriends his kidnapped daughter's imaginary friend - a perky blue flying unicorn.
A slightly unhinged cop is partnered with a veteran detective trying to maintain a low stress level in his life.
A live-action adaptation of Nickelodeon's Winx Club (2004). It follows Bloom as she adjusts to life in the Otherworld, where she must learn to control her dangerous magical powers.
Four Vietnam vets, framed for a crime they didn't commit, help the innocent while on the run from the military.
Chloe is a New York party girl with the morals of a pirate. She causes trouble for her naive small town roommate, June, and Chloe's best friend, James Van Der Beek.
Jimmy becomes a single parent to an infant after her mother, with whom he had a one-night stand, ends up on Death Row.
The first generation of superheroes has kept the world safe for nearly a century. Now their children must live up to their legacy in an epic drama that spans decades and navigates the dynamics of family, power and loyalty.
In 1977, in New York City, a troubled young Jewish man bent on revenge is taken in by a secret group of Nazi hunters fighting a clandestine war against the cabal of high-ranking Nazi officials in hiding who work to create the Fourth Reich.
In equal parts high-concept thriller and coming-of-age drama, HANNA follows the journey of an extraordinary young girl raised in the forest, as she evades the relentless pursuit of an off-book CIA agent and tries to unearth the truth behind who she is.
A young African-American teen attempts to survive with his dysfunctional family and his all-white school in the 1980s.
Follows a crime (usually a murder), usually adapted from current headlines, from two separate vantage points, the police investigation and the prosecution in court.
The off-the-wall, day-to-day life of three friends who have exactly the same name.
A ragtag crew of bounty hunters chases down the galaxy's most dangerous criminals. They'll save the world--for the right price.
A beautiful detective falls in love with an ex-soldier who goes into hiding from the secret government organization that turned him into a mechanically charged beast.
Drama about the pioneers of the science of human sexuality whose research touched off the sexual revolution.
Thrown into a distant part of the universe, an Earth astronaut finds himself part of a fugitive alien starship crew.
This ABC show takes place in Jenkintown, Pennsylvania in the 1980s and follows the lives of a family named The Goldbergs.
Follows District 21 of the Chicago Police Department, which is made up of two distinctly different groups: the uniformed cops and the Intelligence Unit.
The misadventures of two modern-day Stone Age families, the Flintstones and the Rubbles.
Three years after the zombie virus has gutted the United States of America a team of everyday heroes must transport the only known survivor of the plague from New York to California, where the last functioning viral lab waits for his blood.
A television show centered around a macho everyman, his loving wife, and their three precocious children.
Docuseries following the FIA Formula One World Championship across multiple seasons.
Follow the Murphy family back to the 1970s, when kids roamed wild, beer flowed freely and nothing came between a man and his TV.
Guts is a skilled swordsman who joins forces with a mercenary group named 'The Band of the Hawk', lead by the charismatic Griffith, and fights with them as they battle their way into the royal court.
Comedy about identical twins living at the Tipton Hotel with their single mother who is a lounge singer at the hotel.
A wildly talented high school girl soccer team becomes the (un)lucky survivors of a plane crash deep in the Canadian wilderness.
Evolved humans with amazing abilities (Teleportation, Telekinesis, Telepathy) are being hunted down by agents of Ultra.
The misadventures of a dumb blond egomaniac who is deluded about his own manliness.
In the wake of a mysterious alien invasion, a family fights to stay together in a new world order.
A conspiracy thriller that follows the journey of Bob Lee Swagger, a highly-decorated veteran who is coerced back into action to prevent a plot to kill the President.
A new medical director breaks the rules to heal the system at America's oldest public hospital.
A con man on the run from a vicious gangster takes cover by assuming the identity of his prison cellmate, Pete, reuniting with his estranged family, that threatens to drag him into a world just as dangerous as the one he's escaping.
Sugerland is a Tv series that tells the stories of a land with more than 180 characters from a crazy person who knows a lot but acts like wise people to a wise man who acts like a crazy.
Obsessed with the disappearance of a 12-year-old pregnant girl near a freezing lake in New Zealand, a brave detective will find herself up against small-town secrets and a side of herself that was meticulously kept at bay.
Astronaut Niko Breckenridge and her young crew face unimaginable danger as they go on a high-risk mission to explore the genesis of an alien artifact.
A couple of British TV producers move to Hollywood to export their most popular series, and find it is not what they expected.
A close-knit group of six friends get through their teens together while attending Bayside High School in Palisades, California.
After the mysterious murder of his father, a son's search for answers begins a momentous fight against tyranny.
The cartoon misadventures of four babies and their snotty older cousin as they face the things in life they don't understand.
A crash-landed alien takes on the identity of a small-town Colorado doctor and slowly begins to wrestle with the moral dilemma of his secret mission on Earth.
The adventures of the last human alive and his friends, stranded three million years into deep space on the mining ship Red Dwarf.
Seeking a fresh start, nurse practitioner Melinda Monroe moves from Los Angeles to a remote Northern California town and is surprised by what and who she finds.
In a world where mutated humans are treated with distrust and fear, an institute for mutants battles to achieve peaceful co-existence with humanity.
The lives and tragedies of the Braverman family tree.
Walt Longmire is the dedicated and unflappable sheriff of Absaroka County, Wyoming. Widowed only a year, he is a man in psychic repair but buries his pain behind his brave face, unassuming grin and dry wit.
Starting over isn't easy, especially for John Nolan who, after a life-altering incident, is pursuing his dream of joining the LAPD. As their oldest rookie, he's met with skepticism from those who see him as just a walking midlife crisis.
A newly sober single mom tries to pull her life together in Napa Valley while dealing with her wayward mother.
A group of friends living in Beverly Hills, California make their way through life from their school days into adulthood.
A former police officer returns to the force after having been wrongly imprisoned for years.
A group of teenage friends and their Great Dane (Scooby-Doo) travel in a bright green van solving strange and hilarious mysteries, while returning from or going to a regular teenage function.
Los Angeles homicide detective Lieutenant Columbo uses his humble ways and ingenuous demeanor to winkle out even the most well-concealed of crimes.
A lone crimefighter battles the forces of evil with the help of a virtually indestructible and artificially intelligent supercar.
Two couples and their single friend, all at different stages in their relationships, deal with the complications of dating, commitment, and marriage.
The adventures of a quartet of humanoid warrior turtles and their friends.
A married father of three tries to maintain his manliness in a world increasingly dominated by women.
The everyday life of Arnold, a fourth-grader in a nameless city that resembles Brooklyn, New York, who lives in a multi-racial boarding house with his grandparents and a motley assortment of friends and neighbors.
TV series featuring the classic Looney Tunes animated shorts.
A well-meaning but struggling writer decides to lead a sort of double life by pretending to be a private detective using the methods he read about in old detective novels.
The Russo family may be an ordinary family with an average restaurant, but behind close doors, all three children must compete to be the next family wizard.
Centers on a Southern California family, whose excessive lifestyle is fueled by their criminal activities.
Detective Jane Rizzoli and Chief Medical Examiner Dr. Maura Isles team up to solve crimes in Boston.
Filthy Frank and his disease ridden friends talk about various topics and take part in multiple life-threatening shenanigans.
Follows the personal and professional life of lawyer Ally.
A group of genetically-enhanced children escape from a lab project. Years later we meet Max, one of the escapees who now works for a messenger service in the post-apocalyptic Pacific Northwest.
Derek is a loyal nursing home care assistant who sees only the good in his quirky co-workers as they struggle against prejudice and shrinking budgets to care for their elderly residents.
British comedy duo Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant send their simple and close-minded friend Karl Pilkington on a trip around the world to experience a variety of people and cultures.
A Philadelphia couple is in mourning after an unspeakable tragedy creates a rift in their marriage and opens the door for a mysterious force to enter their home.
Tessa Altman is used to the big city but when her dad moves her away, she has to adapt to her new suburban life in Chatswin.
A team of intergalactic warriors fights to protect the universe, but the combination of three highly trained beings and one quirky young boy leaves the team struggling to overcome the dangerous scenarios that are put in front of them.
Follows some players in the 80s technological revolution that lead to information society.
Follow Jeremy Clarkson as he attempts to run a farm in the countryside.
The globe-trotting treasure-hunting money-making adventures of billionaire Scrooge McDuck and his nephews.
A veteran Detective Chief Inspector and his young Sergeant investigate murders around the regional community of Midsomer County.
A young Ob/Gyn doctor balances her personal and professional life, surrounded by quirky co-workers in a small office.
Follows the actions of Section 20, a secretive unit of British military intelligence. A team of special operations personnel conduct several high risk missions across the globe.
A comedy panel game in which being Quite Interesting is more important than being right. Sandi Toksvig is joined each week by four comedians to share anecdotes and trivia, and maybe answer some questions as well.
TV series based on the New York Times' column that explores relationships, love and the human connection.
Explores the high-pressure experiences of the first responders who are thrust into the most frightening, shocking and heart-stopping situations.
Ex baseball player Charlie is an anger management therapist with small group sessions at home. He has an OCD teen daughter, an ex-wife and a sex buddy/therapist.
In the mid 23rd century, the Earth Alliance space station Babylon 5, located in neutral territory, is a major focal point for political intrigue, racial tensions and various wars over the course of five years.
Broad City follows two women throughout their daily lives in New York City, making the smallest and mundane events hysterical and disturbing to watch all at the same time.
A group of actors move to Los Angeles to make it big, but end up working as caterers.
A young man with spider-like abilities fights crime as a superhero in New York City while trying to have a normal personal life.
Bo is a supernatural being who challenges her clan's way of life.
A team of five teenaged superheroes save the world from many villains around their city while experiencing things normal teens face today.
Ross Poldark returns home after American Revolutionary War and rebuilds his life with a new business venture, making new enemies and finding a new love where he least expects it.
After being involved in a car accident in 2006, DCI Sam Tyler wakes up to find himself in 1973.
Animated MTV series about two teenage heavy-metal music fans who occasionally do idiotic things because they're bored. For them, everything is "cool" or "sucks."
A free-spirited yoga instructor finds true love in a conservative lawyer and they get married on the first date. Though they are polar opposites, he fulfills her need of stability and she fulfills his need of optimism.
Marcella Backland left the Metropolitan Police for the sake of her family, only to have her husband leave her. She returns to her job on the murder squad, investigating a case that seems disturbingly familiar to her.
A genius mouse and his stupid sidekick try to conquer the world each night.
During a government experiment into time travel, a scientist finds himself trapped in the past, "leaping" into the bodies of different people on a regular basis and sorting out their problems whilst trying to get back home to his own time.
An existential comedy about a man struggling in life who undergoes a new treatment to become a better person, only to find that he's been replaced by a new and improved version of himself.
A true-crime satire that explores the aftermath of a costly high school prank that left twenty-seven faculty cars vandalized with phallic images.
In an alternative version of 1969, the Soviet Union beats the United States to the Moon, and the space race continues on for decades with still grander challenges and goals.
When radiation from the sun causes a global disaster on Earth, survivors on an overnight flight from Brussels race from city to city trying to stay ahead of the sun's rays by remaining in the cover of night.
Adventures of two boys, Riley and Huey Freeman, who undergo a culture clash when they move from Chicago to the suburbs to live with their grandfather.
A law school graduate becomes the protégée of a successful high-stakes litigator.
The personal exploits of a 16-year-old girl and her family and friends during the Troubles in the early 1990s.
A team of scientists are thrust into a potentially life-or-death situation when they arrive in the Arctic to secretly investigate what could be an outbreak of a strange disease in a secluded international research facility.
Follows a world-famous televangelist family with a long tradition of deviance, greed, and charitable work.
A teenage sorceress named Nimue encounters a young Arthur on her quest to find a powerful and ancient sword.
A family takes in a formerly institutionalized teen savant who is missing standard human behaviors such as anger, joy, and love.
A peek inside the exploits and privileged private lives of the blended Kardashian-Jenner family, including sisters Kim, Kourtney, Khloé, Kendall and Kylie.
A New York mobster goes into hiding in rural Lillehammer in Norway after testifying against his former associates.
Dracula travels to London, with dark plans for revenge against those who ruined his life centuries earlier. However, his plan is complicated when he falls in love with a woman who seems to be a reincarnation of his dead wife.
Fresh out of the farm, Annie Walker must adapt to the challenging life of a CIA operative under the guidance of her handler, Auggie. But soon she realizes her recruit might have to do with her last boyfriend rather than her talent.
The life of a twelve-year-old boy who happens to be a blue cat as he lives with his family and other strange creatures.
The lives of three young alien/human hybrids with extraordinary gifts in Roswell.
After waking up in a morgue, an orphaned teen discovers she now possesses superpowers as the chosen Halo Bearer for a secret sect of demon-hunting nuns.
Alphas is a science fiction drama focusing on a team that investigates people with supernatural abilities.
Follow-up series to 'Vikings' set 100 years afterward and centering on the adventures of Leif Erikson, Freydis, Harald Hardrada and the Norman King William the Conqueror.
The world's most famous superhero and comic books' most famous journalist face the pressures and complexities that come with balancing work, justice and parenthood in today's society.
In the dark, early days of a zombie apocalypse, complete strangers band together to find the strength they need to survive and get back to loved ones.
Hope Mikaelson, a tribrid daughter of a Vampire/Werewolf hybrid, makes her way in the world.
Mike Flaherty, the Deputy Mayor of New York City, and his team of half-wits must constantly save the Mayor from embarrassment and the media. Mike is later succeeded by Charlie Crawford.
A desperate banker, a Haitian-American gang lord and a Cuban-American hacker are forced to work together to unwittingly create their version of the American dream - organized crime 2.0.
A look at life in New York City during the 1970s and '80s when porn and prostitution were rampant in Manhattan.
Follows three priests dealing with cases of a demonic presence targeting a family and a foster home.
Suburban mom Allison DuBois attempts to balance family life with solving mysteries using her special gift. The dead send her visions of their deaths or other crimes while she sleeps.
In the New York of the late 80s and early 90s, this is a story of ball culture and the gay and trans community, the raging AIDS crisis and capitalism.
Teresa flees Mexico after her drug-runner boyfriend is murdered. Settling in Dallas she looks to become the country's reigning drug smuggler and to avenge her lover's murder.
Carrie Bradshaw is in her junior year of high school in the early 1980s. She asks her first questions about love, sex, friendship and family while navigating the worlds of high school and Manhattan.
Tells the story of London being torn apart by the turbulent power struggles of its international gangs and the sudden power vacuum that's created when the head of London's most powerful crime family is assassinated.
Teenager Callie Jacob is placed in a foster home with a lesbian couple and their blend of biological, adoptive, and foster children.
At a Los Angeles beach, a team of lifeguards led by Lieutenant Mitch Buchannon save lives, deal with personal dramas, fight crime and participate in over the top adventures on a daily basis.
When everyone else mysteriously vanishes from their wealthy town, the teen residents of West Ham must forge their own society to survive.
Michael Kyle longs for a traditional life, but his day-trader wife Janet, gangsta rap-worshipping son Michael Jr., and brooding daughters Claire and Kady make his dream just that ... a dream.
Welcome to the Montecito Resort and Casino in Las Vegas, where you can do anything you want, but Ed Deline and his crack surveillance team will be watching. Just remember: what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
A brilliant neurosurgeon finds his life in utter turmoil after getting involved with a psychopathic former patient.
The Winslow family deals with various misadventures, many of them caused by their pesky next-door neighbor, ultra-nerd Steve Urkel.
Out to avenge his mother's death, a college student pledges to a secret order and lands in a war between werewolves and practitioners of dark magic.
Fuelled by remorse and vengeance, a high schooler named Terry McGinnis revives the role of Batman. Under supervision of an elderly Bruce Wayne, he fights crime in a harsh, futuristic Gotham.
In a continuation of Full House (1987), D.J. Fuller is a mother of three young boys and is a recent widow. D.J.'s sister Stephanie, her best friend Kimmy and Kimmy's teenage daughter all move in to help raise her sons. The house is now a lot fuller.
A disgraced, dissatisfied civil lawyer-turned-beauty pageant coach takes on a vengeful, bullied teenager as his client and has no idea what he's about to unleash upon the world.
The Philadelphia homicide squad's lone female detective finds her calling when she's assigned "cold cases", older crimes that have never been solved.
A high school cheerleader and her accident-prone best friend balance their duties as global crime-fighters with the typical challenges of adolescence.
A drug-addicted nurse struggles to find a balance between the demands of her frenetic job at a New York City hospital and an array of personal dramas.
The 'Bad Batch' of elite and experimental clones make their way through an ever-changing galaxy in the immediate aftermath of the Clone Wars.
The early life of Queen Victoria, from her ascension to the throne at the tender age of eighteen to her courtship and marriage to Prince Albert.
Harper's Island was once the scene of a gruesome series of murders. Now, seven years later, family and friends gather on the island for a wedding, but one by one they begin to die.
Tommy Gavin deals with the fears of his job as a firefighter and seeing his ex-wife dating other men.
After Goku is made a kid again by the Black Star Dragon Balls, he goes on a journey to get back to his old self.
A hapless UN employee discovers that the agency he works for is hiding a gateway to a parallel dimension that's in a cold war with our own, and where his other self is a top spy. The war slowly heats up thanks to spies from both sides.
Follows the lives and loves of a small, close-knit group of gay women living in Los Angeles as well as the friends and family members that either support or loathe them.
Daniel Holden must put his life back together after serving 19 years on Georgia's Death Row before DNA evidence calls his conviction into question.
When a man goes looking for his missing girlfriend, he stumbles upon a government conspiracy that is bigger than the president himself.
The lives of Police Officers working for the Los Angeles Police Department.
The war for Eternia begins again in what may be the final battle between He-Man and Skeletor. A new animated series from writer-director Kevin Smith.
In an amoral science-based company, a manager tries to keep control of his scientists while being pressured by his shrewd boss.
Resplendent with authentic 1980s music, fashion, and vibe, "Miami Vice" follows two undercover detectives and their extended team through the mean streets of Miami, Florida.
Inside the series of the same name.
Two sister, bartender and librarian, discover as adults that they're witches with magical powers. They, their mom and her sister, all witches, are up against a mortal enemy.
The wife of a band leader constantly tries to become a star - in spite of her having no talent, and gets herself (along with her best friend) into the funniest predicaments.
Nathan Fielder uses his business degree and life experiences to help real small businesses turn a profit. But because of his unorthodox approach, Nathan's genuine efforts to do good often draw real people into an experience far beyond what they signed up for.
A spin-off of the medical drama "Grey's Anatomy" centering on the life of neonatal surgeon Addison Montgomery.
When Diane Lockhart's life savings are lost, she must start from scratch at a new firm.
The events and battles of the Galactic Republic's last major war are recounted.
An over protective father is obsessed with becoming a principal and competes against the popular vice principal. However something happens that makes them work together to save the day.
Centers on two toxic, self-destructive people who fall in love and attempt a relationship.
Three twenty-somethings share a house and try to live a normal life despite being a ghost, a werewolf, and a vampire.
The bizarre escapades of pseudo-heroic scientist Dr. Rusty Venture, his competent, high-strung bodyguard, and his two overenthusiastic sons.
A couple meets at an Overeaters' Anonymous meeting.
Tony and Emily Hughes' vacation turns into a nightmare when their 5-year-old son Oliver disappears from a large celebrating crowd in Northern France.
Eric Camden, a minister, and his wife Annie deal with the drama of having seven children, ranging from toddlers to adults with families of their own.
Deputy Police Chief Brenda Johnson runs the Priority Homicide Division of the LAPD with an unorthodox style. Her innate ability to read people and obtain confessions helps her and her team solve the city's toughest, most sensitive cases.
Chronicles the lives of a group of midwives living in East London in the late-1950s to late-1960s.
After discovering their parents are super-villains in disguise, a group of teenagers band together to run away from their homes in order to atone for their parents' actions and to discover the secrets of their origins.
The Hennessy clan -- mother Cate, daughters Bridget and Kerry, and son Rory -- look to one another for guidance and support after the death of Paul, the family patriarch. Cate's parents lend a hand.
The series will follow Carrie, Miranda and Charlotte as they navigate the journey from the complicated reality of life and friendship in their 30s to the even more complicated reality of life and friendship in their 50s.
A group of doctors at Chastain Memorial Hospital face personal and professional challenges on a daily basis.
An isolated community of superhumans fight to protect themselves.
This series focuses on the NYPD's Major Case Squad, a force of detectives who investigate high-profile cases, whilst also showing parts of the crime from the criminal's point of view to the audience.
Follows the lives and tragedies of rising and fading country music stars in Nashville, Tennessee.
Charming, fast-talking Marty Kaan and his crack team of management consultants use every dirty trick in the book to woo powerful CEOs and close huge deals in this scathing, irreverent satire of corporate America today.
A werewolf, a vampire and a ghost try to live together and get along.
Two families, the Graystones and the Adamas, live together on a peaceful planet known as Caprica, where a startling breakthrough in artificial intelligence brings about unforeseen consequences.
In France during World War II, Rene Artois runs a small café where Resistance fighters, Gestapo men, German Army officers and escaped Allied POWs interact daily, ignorant of one another's true identity or presence, exasperating Rene.
A groundbreaking 26-part documentary series narrated by the actor Laurence Olivier about the deadliest conflict in history, World War II.
The adventures of a Hawaii based private investigator.
At a predominantly white Ivy League college, a group of black students navigate various forms of racial and other types of discrimination.
Comic tales of a group of good friends, four boys and two girls, during breaks in primary school, as they grow up, relate to each other, and have brushes with authority.
A couple, who were in a long distance relationship for 3 years, face the prospect of getting married.
A crusading school principal gets back into action as the original African-American electrical superhero.
A charismatic fisherman struggling with debt. A troubled woman wrestling with demons. A gifted accountant ostracised from his family and people. In this ground-breaking first season of The Chosen see how Jesus reaches each of these and more as He works His first miracles and embarks on His ministry to change the world. See Him through the eyes of those who knew Him.
Two teenage girls' lives are turned upside down when they find out they were switched at birth.
A smart and cynical girl goes through teenage life as a proud outsider in a world of mainly idiotic adolescents and condescending adults.
A Taiwanese family makes their way in America during the 1990s.
The misadventures of a milkshake, an order of fries, a meatball, and their retired next door neighbor in the suburbs of New Jersey.
The cast performs various crazy stunts for our amusement.
Earth is visited by an alien species that threatens humanity's existence. Events unfold in real time through the eyes of five ordinary people across the globe as they struggle to make sense of the chaos unraveling around them.
During the Tong Wars in the late 1800s, Ah Sahm, a martial arts prodigy from China, immigrates to San Francisco and becomes a hatchet man for the most powerful tong in Chinatown.
Josh Futturman, a janitor by day and a gamer by night, is recruited by mysterious visitors to travel through time to prevent the extinction of humanity.
Mark leads a team of office workers whose memories have been surgically divided between their work and personal lives. When a mysterious colleague appears outside of work, it begins a journey to discover the truth about their jobs.
After an eerie mist rolls into a small town, the residents must battle the mysterious mist and its threats, fighting to maintain their morality and sanity.
Love, money, ambition and music intertwine in Mozart in the Jungle, a half hour comedic drama that looks at finding yourself and finding love while conquering New York City. A brash new maestro Rodrigo stirs up the New York Symphony as young oboist Hailey hopes for her big chance.
A young scientist searches to find out what's causing a rash of violent animal attacks.
Set from 1965 to 1971, the show follows Endeavour Morse in his early years as a police constable. Working alongside his senior partner DI Fred Thursday, Morse engages in a number of investigations around Oxford.
A vampire lands work as a private investigator and falls for a mortal woman.
Freshman Rusty Cartwright arrives at college and decides he no longer wants to be the boring geek from high school. He decides to pledge a fraternity. He is offered 2 bids; one from his sister's boyfriend Evan's fraternity and one from Cappie, his sister's ex-boyfriend's fraternity. Rusty must learn to handle his new life, and his new relationship with his sister. His sister must decide if she ...                See full summary »
In the not-too-distant future Joel Robinson is held captive by Dr. Forrester and TV's Frank, forced to watch B-Grade movies on the Satellite of Love with the help of his robot friends: Cambot, Gypsy, Tom Servo and Crow T. Robot.
A reality show where a group of contestants are stranded in a remote location with little more than the clothes on their back. The lone survivor of this contest takes home a million dollars.
Kermit the Frog and his fellow Muppets put on a vaudeville show at their theatre, bringing in a famous celebrity to help out for each episode.
Abby Arcane returns home to Marais, Louisiana to investigate a deadly swamp-borne virus, only to discover the dark, terrifying mysteries of the swamp.
On his 21st birthday, Sam discovers his parents sold his soul to the devil before birth and he must now be a bounty hunter for the devil until he dies.
An astronaut struggles to learn how she became pregnant while on a thirteen-month-long solo space mission.
A behind-the-scenes look at a fictional sketch-comedy television show.
Return to the world of Thra, where three Gelfling discover the horrifying secret behind the Skeksis' power, and set out to ignite the fires of rebellion and save their world.
Aspiring singer Tori Vega navigates life while attending a performing arts high school called Hollywood Arts.
Conan O'Brien and his co-host Andy Richter discuss current news topics and interview celebrities and personalities.
An anthology series centered around the mysterious Geist Group, an unconventional wellness company and their equally unorthodox program, the Homecoming Initiative.
Tales of horror based on the gruesome E.C. comic books of the 1950s presented by the legendary Crypt Keeper, a sinister ghoul obsessed with gallows humor and horrific puns.
Matt Lucas and David Walliams, the creators of this character-comedy sketch show, delight in all that is mad, bad, quirky and generally bonkers about the people and places of Britain.
The city's most highly skilled medical team saves lives, while navigating their unique interpersonal relationships.
In addition to fighting evil, Superman has a burning romance with Lois Lane in both of his identities.
When King Uther dies and Britain faces chaos, Merlin presents an unknown named Arthur as the new king by birthright, as the late king's son, against the ambitious desires of his half-sister, Morgan.
Four Latina maids with ambition and dreams of their own work for the rich and famous in Beverly Hills.
An American astronaut struggles with leaving her husband and daughter behind to embark on a dangerous mission with an international space crew.
Follows the perilous journey of a rebellious young soldier who discovers he's the unlikely savior of humanity.
A reality-based look at the vapid lives of several New Jersey 20-somethings and their respective friends and/or hook-ups.
A woman struggles to find a balance between her dissociative identity disorder and raising a dysfunctional family.
The story of the drama surrounding a family's adult siblings.
Supernatural horror loosely based on Salem's 17th century witch trials.
The lives of the elite Navy SEALs as they train, plan and execute the most dangerous, high-stakes missions the United States of America can ask.
The zany adventures of a trio of 1930s animated characters in the modern world.
A New York music executive in the 1970s hustles to make a career out of the city's diverse music scene.
Professional writer and amateur sleuth Jessica Fletcher uses her intellect, charm, and persistence to get to the bottom of every crime she encounters.
Mad About You centers on the trials and tribulations of a married couple living in New York.
The ill-tempered Grim Reaper gets into a wager that forces him to become the life-long companions of two scheming youngsters after he loses.
The series focuses on a single Harley Quinn, who sets off to make it on her own in Gotham City.
Set in the corridors of power and spin, the Minister for Social Affairs is continually harassed by Number 10's policy enforcer and dependent on his not-so-reliable team of civil servants.
Ren, a psychotic Chihuahua, and Stimpson J. Cat, a dimwitted Manx cat who goes by the nickname Stimpy, have a host of unusual adventures.
The comic misadventures of a tidy, refined Cat and a goofy, uncouth Dog joined at the abdomen.
An unassuming American family is drawn into the workings of a turbulent Middle Eastern nation.
The life and adventures of the Ingalls family in the nineteenth century American Midwest.
After being mistaken for younger than she really is, a single mother decides to take the chance to reboot her career and her love life as a 26-year old.
A family man struggles to gain a sense of cultural identity while raising his kids in a predominantly white, upper-middle-class neighborhood.
Bear Grylls travels the world in search of challenges to his survival skills.
A motley group of London con artists pulls off a series of daring and intricate stings.
A countryside boy named Tatsumi sets out on a journey to The Capital to make a name for himself and met a seemingly dangerous group of Assassins known as Night Raid. Their journey begins.
An L.A. family with serious boundary issues have their past and future unravel when a dramatic admission causes everyone's secrets to spill out.
A political drama which looks into the life of the Secretary of State as she tries to balance work with family.
A ragtag group of teenagers run wild in the streets of the Bronx in the late 1970s.
Following Wyatt Earp's great great-granddaughter as she battles demons and other creatures. With her unique abilities and a posse of dysfunctional allies, she's the only thing that can bring the paranormal to justice.
Surreal British comedy in which Vince Noir and Howard Moon have adventures filled with oddball characters while working as Zoo Keepers, before pursuing a musical career and running a second-hand shop.
Set on the streets of 17th-century Paris, "The Musketeers" gives a contemporary take on the classic story about a group of highly trained soldiers and bodyguards assigned to protect King and country.
The high-profile murder trial of American novelist Michael Peterson following the death of his wife in 2001.
A team of teenagers with attitude are recruited to save Angel Grove from the evil witch, Rita Repulsa, and later, Lord Zedd, Emperor of all he sees, and their horde of monsters.
A group of young teens is unexpectedly sent to the mysterious Digital World and paired up with their own powerful, morphing monster called the Digimon. Together the entire group set out on an adventure to fight evil and save the world.
Four female friends from different walks of life deal with romance, work-life conflicts, ambitions and anxieties in modern-day India.
In the Quad, a planetary system on the brink of a bloody interplanetary class war, a fun loving trio of bounty hunters attempt to remain impartial as they chase deadly warrants.
A former high school sports legend turned middle-aged high school basketball coach finds a way to benefit from his biggest asset.
An MIT grad student and a tech superstar bring a low-level Pentagon official a staggering discovery--that an asteroid is just six months away from colliding with Earth.
An anthology series that follows three women in different decades all living in the same house, as they deal with infidelity and betrayals in their marriages.
Payton Hobart, a student from Santa Barbara, has known since age seven that he's going to be President of the United States. But first he'll have to navigate the most treacherous political landscape of all: Saint Sebastian High School.
Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson solve the mysteries of copper beeches, a Greek interpreter, the Norwood builder, a resident patient, the red-headed league, and one final problem.
A boy and his beloved imaginary friend are able to stay together at an orphanage of sorts for imaginary friends that children have outgrown to be adopted by new children.
A group of librarians set off on adventures in an effort to save mysterious, ancient artifacts.
The Caped Crusader and his young ward battle evildoers in Gotham City.
Two opposing factions of transforming alien robots engage in a battle that has the fate of Earth in the balance.
The confronting look into the lives of the inmates and prison staff of Wentworth Correctional Centre as they navigate the ups and downs of their lives in the prison system.
Hour long show which looks at the life of American super-secret operators.
A U.S. sub picks up Navy SEALs and receives an order for a nuke launch. Due to the circumstances of the order, the Captain refuses to fire. After escaping an attack from another U.S. sub, the crew and SEALs take refuge on a small island.
Determined to be like the volleyball championship's star player Shouyou, a short boy nicknamed "the small giant," joins his school's volleyball club.
A Utah polygamist who owns home improvement stores in the Salt Lake City area juggles relationships with three wives while trying to keep his complex family life from becoming a public scandal.
Vanessa Helsing, distant relative of famous vampire hunter Abraham Van Helsing, is resurrected only to find that vampires have taken over the world.
Twelve American finalists (six men and six women) compete in a singing contest.
An epic tale following a gang of Victorian women who find themselves with unusual abilities, relentless enemies, and a mission that might change the world.
A painter in Istanbul embarks on a personal journey as she unearths universal secrets about an Anatolian archaeological site and its link to her past.
Follows a locally born and bred S.W.A.T. sergeant and his team of highly-trained men and women as they solve crimes in Los Angeles.
A Long Island farmer bands together a group of childhood friends to form an unlikely group of spies who turn the tide in America's fight for independence.
Two London drug dealers ply their lucrative trade at a public housing estate in East London.
Two human princes forge an unlikely bond with the elfin assassin sent to kill them, embarking on an epic quest to bring peace to their warring lands.
London detectives investigate crimes from the past, unravelling secrets left buried for years.
The Duncan family are adjusting to the surprise birth of their fourth child, Charlie. When parents Amy and Bob return to work they put their latest addition in the care of her three older siblings.
Perched on the edge of the Arctic Circle, Fortitude is one of the safest towns on earth. There has never been a violent crime here. Until now.
A skeptical female clinical psychologist joins a priest-in-training and a blue-collar contractor as they investigate supposed miracles, demonic possession, and other extraordinary occurrences to see if there's a scientific explanation or if something truly supernatural is at work.
Vash the Stampede is the most infamous outlaw on the planet Gunsmoke and with a 60 billion double dollar price on his head the most sought after!
An alien named Zim from the planet Irk is sent on a secret mission to conquer Earth, not realising that his leaders were just trying to get rid of him and hoped that he would die. Once there, Zim manages to disguise himself as a human child, but one boy named Dib sees through his disguise.
A witch married to an ordinary man cannot resist using her magic powers to solve the problems her family faces.
Follows two of America's wealthiest families as they feud for control over their fortune and their children.
Dr. Daniel Pierce is an eccentric neuropsychiatrist who uses his unique outlook to help the federal government solve complex criminal cases.
Anthology series in which each season is based on a true crime story featuring an epic tale of love gone wrong.
The owner of a successful video game design company and his troubled staff struggle to keep their hit game 'Mythic Quest' on top.
An unfairly discredited but brilliant diagnostic surgeon winds up working with his cheesy brother in the Hamptons as a concierge doctor to the uber-rich and ultra-elite.
Quick-witted, fast-paced snappy comedy about rural folk getting by in a small town.
After a car accident takes the life of a family member, a police detective lives two alternating parallel lives, one with his wife and one with his son. Is one of his "realities" merely a dream?
Stem cells, gene therapy, transplants, cloning; The very meaning of the word "humanity" changes daily in the modern world. But there is a darker side to the evolution of mankind, a truth ...                See full summary »
The streets of Whitechapel are the haunt of Detective Inspector Edmund Reid and his team of officers, who aim to maintain law and order in a place once terrorized by Jack the Ripper.
Yugi Moto solves an Ancient Egyptian Puzzle and brings forth a dark and powerful alter ego. Whenever he and his friends are threatened by evil in Duel Monster Card Game, this alter ego breaks out to save them.
Tells the story of a psychopathic killer who drives a stolen Mercedes into a crowd and a recently retired detective who tries to bring him down.
The misadventures of a futuristic family.
A bumbling bionic police inspector stumbles about on his cases, while his niece and dog secretly do the real investigative work.
Young Angus "Mac" MacGyver works for a clandestine organization within the U.S. government, relying on his unconventional problem-solving skills to save lives.
After learning that her friends, as well as herself, are the magical Elements of Harmony, studious unicorn Twilight Sparkle is sent by her mentor, Princess Celestia, to Ponyville to study the magic of friendship with help from her friends.
Six-months-sober Bridget is key witness to a murder but flees, visiting her identical twin, who "suicides". Bridget takes over her rich, glamorous, married life in New York City. Out of the ashes and into the fire?
A sketch-comedy series that parodies life in Portland, Oregon.
Project sees Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele in front of a live studio audience bantering about a topic weaved between filmed shorts and sketches.
A young boy, who happens to be a genius, lives in a small town with his family and friends and often gets into crazy adventures with them involving the things he invents.
Follows Declan Harp, a half-Irish/half Cree Native-Canadian outlaw who is campaigning to breach the Hudson's Bay Company's monopoly on the fur trade in Canada.
World renowned chef Gordon Ramsay puts aspiring young chefs through rigorous cooking challenges and dinner services at his restaurant in Hollywood, "Hell's Kitchen".
In a remote town in Iceland, Police desperately try to solve a crime as a powerful storm descends upon the town.
A 15-year-old girl and her trials and tribulations of being a teenager and dealing with friends, guys, parents, and school.
Superhero roommates Robin, Cyborg, Starfire, Raven and Beast Boy love saving the day, but what happens when they're done fighting crime?
The wacky misadventures of an Australian wallaby and his friends as he finishes his transition to American life.
Twenty years after graduation, a tight-knit group of college friends reconnects and discovers that love hasn't gotten easier with age.
A Texas Ranger is in hot pursuit of the infamous Gecko brothers and their hostages. They all end up trapped in a desert bar secretly run by vampires and discover a vampire conspiracy.
The lives and loves of a group of gay friends living in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Alan Partridge, a failed television presenter, is now presenting a programme on local radio in Norwich. He desperately tries to revive his broadcasting career.
Aliens threaten human existence in an epic 26th-century showdown. TV series based on the video game 'Halo'.
A 20-something bachelor bartender becomes an unlikely parent when an ex-girlfriend leaves a baby girl on his doorstep.
Tully and Kate support each other through good times and bad with an unbreakable bond that carries them from their teens to their forties.
A parody of reality shows cast with spoofs of several famous types of animated characters.
Malcolm Bright, one of the best criminal psychologists around, uses his twisted genius to help the NYPD solve crimes.
The program focuses on the misadventures of two unlikely yet somehow biological siblings: Cow and Chicken.
An irreverent sportscaster, pressured by his boss to join a support group because he can't move forward after the death of his wife, finds connection with the extremely varied members.
15 year old Amy ends up pregnant after one night at band camp, throwing her whole life upside down. It doesn't help that she's now going to school with that guy.
A glimpse into the outrageous lives and loves of those responsible for a global women's magazine.
Hot-tempered journalist Maya got herself fired yet again. Unable to find a job anywhere else and facing eviction, she is forced to go work for Blush, her father's fashion magazine.
Two teenagers from very different backgrounds find themselves burdened and awakened to newly acquired superpowers while growing closer together every day.
Gavin and Stacey have been continuing their romance on-line and by telephone for the last six months. Now they want to be together but will their friends and family let them?
The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation.
Period drama about the pilots and flight attendants who once made Pan Am the most glamorous way to fly.
Series about the special FBI Missing Persons Squad that finds missing people by applying advanced psychological profiling to reveal the victims lives.
An irreverent look at what goes on behind the scenes in Reno, Nevada's Sheriff's Department.
The adventures of a group of ten-year-old friends who fight for the right to do everything that adults restrict from them.
A UK police DI is transferred to St-Marie to investigate murders on the island, but he hates the sun, sea, and sand. Later series see other English and Irish detectives take over the role.
A look at the final days of the Knights Templar during the 14th century.
A teenage girl periodically receives brief psychic visions of the near future. Trying to make these visions come true results in trouble, and hilarious situations, for the girl and her friends.
A young woman abandons a choice job at a law firm and her life in New York in an attempt to find happiness in the unlikely locale of West Covina, California.
The wild misadventures of Edina "Eddy" Monsoon and her best friend Patsy Stone, who live in a nearly constant haze of drugged, drunken selfishness.
A vapid aspiring model killed in a car crash gets brought back to life as an intelligent, overweight lawyer, hoping to find the meaning of inner beauty.
A high-tech intelligence operative, enhanced with a super-computer microchip in his brain, aids an elite government cyber-security agency in special missions.
A suburban mother of two takes a fantasy-charged trip down memory lane that sets her very married present on a collision course with her wild-child past.
After finding out he has an STD, Dylan must get back in touch with every girl he has ever had sex with to let them know the bad news.
High school outcast Josh is searching for his missing girlfriend in post apocalyptic Glendale. He's joined by a group of misfits Angelica and his former bully Wesley. On the way they'll face many weird things.
Son of Naruto Uzumaki, Boruto, follows his father's footsteps along with his friends to become great ninja. Throughout all their adventures, Boruto is determined to make his mark in the ninja world and live outside of his father's shadow.
RuPaul searches for America's next drag superstar.
Jackie Chan and his extended family must fight a criminal organization for magic talismans that could release an evil spirit.
The mysterious disappearance of a Scottish fishing trawler and a death onboard a Trident nuclear submarine bring the police into conflict with the Navy and British security services.
A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital.
Explores a dark mentorship that forms between Deborah Vance, a legendary Las Vegas comedian, and an entitled, outcast 25-year-old.
A family of aliens move to middle America, where they debate whether life is better there or on their home planet.
Two detectives work together to take down a serial killer operating on both sides of the Texas-Chihuahua border.
The daily adventures of an adolescent girl whose real thoughts and emotions are expressed by her sarcastic animated alter ego.
The McLusky family are power brokers tackling themes of systemic racism, corruption and inequality in Kingstown, Michigan, where the business of incarceration is the only thriving industry.
Disney's fun-loving chipmunks are re-imagined as the leaders of a team of pint-sized crime-fighters.
American man Rob gets Irish woman Sharon pregnant when they hook up for a week while he is on a business trip in London.
The life of a young boy as he meets friends, falls in love, maneuvers his way through grade 6 and writes all about it in his journal.
Eric is a prison officer who tries to protect those in his charge. When one of the most dangerous inmates identifies his weakness, Eric faces an impossible choice between his principles and his love for his family.
Brilliant, brash, and charming, Dr. Bull is the ultimate puppet master as he combines psychology, human intuition, and high-tech data to learn what makes jurors, attorneys, witnesses, and the accused tick.
A woman suspects her husband of having an affair. After following several lines of inquiry far more unravels including a streak of violence below the surface.
Identical twins meet as teenagers after Sutton was adopted by a rich couple and Emma grew up a foster kid. Sutton investigates their bio mom etc., while Emma takes her place/identity.
After a family scandal leaves Mel, a local politician, in charge of her niece and nephew, she hires a man named Joe to become the family's male nanny, or "manny".
Sacha Baron Cohen offers his take on America's patriotism.
This show follows the life of a family of dinosaurs, living in a modern world. They have televisions, refrigerators, et cetera. The only humans around are cavemen, who are viewed as pets and wild animals.
Based on the Nirbhaya case, Delhi Crime follows the Delhi Police investigation into the finding of the men who perpetrated this crime.
A young man searches for answers as to why he's been suffering from supernatural possessions his entire life.
The experiences of three close friends living and loving in modern-day San Francisco.
The Cunningham family live through the 1950s with help and guidance from lovable and almost superhuman greaser Fonzie.
Spin-off of the hit Disney Channel series "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody," in which twin brothers Zack and Cody Martin and hotel heiress London Tipton enroll in a semester-at-sea program aboard a ship called the SS Tipton.
A political family drama set in Florence in the early fifteenth century. Cosimo de Medici finds himself at the helm of his banking dynasty when his father, Giovanni, dies suddenly.
The story of Ben Tennyson, a typical kid who becomes very atypical after he discovers the Omnitrix, a mysterious alien device with the power to transform the wearer into ten different alien species.
The most powerful man in the universe, He-Man, goes against the evil forces of Skeletor to save the planet Eternia and to protect the secrets of Castle Grayskull.
A boy genius and his comrades travel to different parallel universes, trying to find their way back home.
The life stories of history's greatest minds. From their days as young adults to their final years we see their discoveries, loves, relationships, causes, flaws and genius.
In booming 1932 Los Angeles, a down-and-out defense attorney takes on the case of a lifetime.
A new Fab Five set out to Atlanta to help some of the city's people refine their wardrobes, grooming, diet, cultural pursuits, and home décor.
Following the parallel lives of identical twin brothers Dominick and Thomas Birdsey in a story of betrayal, sacrifice and forgiveness.
In 1990s Oregon, members of a high school A/V club clash with the drama club.
The townspeople who live above "The Loop," a machine built to unlock and explore the mysteries of the universe, experience things previously consigned to the realm of science fiction.
The cases of Harmon Rabb, former Navy fighter pilot, and his fellow lawyers of the U.S. Navy's Judge Advocate General's office.
The daily adventures of penguins living in New York's Central Park Zoo.
Jeff, a famous children's television icon, struggles to retain his sanity as his family falls apart.
Animated series about bad cops. Not bad as in corrupt, bad as in under-performing. They aren't first responders, they are the worst responders.
Conan O'Brien, a Harvard Lampoon alumnus, hosts this late-night comedy/talk-show, which is often silly and whimsical.
A classy, resourceful panther has plenty of hilarious misadventures, outwitting those who annoy him with his clever tricks.
A unique bodyguard protects his clients by secretly infiltrating their lives in order to draw out and eliminate threats.
A Black family moves to an all-white Los Angeles neighborhood where malevolent forces, next door and otherworldly, threaten to taunt, ravage and destroy them.
Elena navigates her life between the human world and the werewolf world as the only female of the species.
A cat-and-mouse drama, which focuses on the intense mental conflict between detectives and suspects. The stories take place within the confines of a police interview suite.
At the 203 apartments Drake, NYC, residents are granted one wish - any wish. But beware of the price. There's something supernatural and evil about The Drake that only the owners, Gavin and Olivia. know about/control.
In a desperate attempt to pay off a mounting bar tab, a band of misfits end up on a quest to save the realm of Exandria from dark, magical forces.
Viking life at the close of the 8th century.
Follows the awkward experiences and racy tribulations of a modern-day African-American woman.
Sight gags and non-sequiturs dominate this spoof of police dramas. The six episodes formed the basis for the very successful "Naked Gun" film franchise.
The adventures of the young reporter, his faithful dog and friends as they travel around the world on adventures.
A cyclical competition in which women from all over the U.S. compete for the honor of being America's next "it girl" in the modeling world.
Follows an NCIS team that investigates criminal cases involving military personnel in The Big Easy, a city known for its music, entertainment, and decadence.
In a world where superheroes have been real for decades, an accountant with no superpowers comes to realize his city is owned by a super villain. As he struggles to uncover this conspiracy, he falls in league with a strange blue superhero.
Two siblings share their Friday-night dinners at their parents' home and, somehow, something always goes wrong.
Jimmy Fallon hosts the Tonight Show and interviews celebrities, plays games with them and has a musical or comedic guest perform.
A neurotic mid-20s suburbanite's convinced he's destined to be one of the greatest rappers of all time. Now he's got to prove it to everyone else.
A retired MMA fighter turned trainer juggles keeping his mixed martial arts gym running and keeping his family united.
A sitcom about Drew's personal and professional life.
Agent Fatima gets a tip that a terrorist act is planned in Sweden. At the same time, teenager Sulle has opened her eyes to her student assistant who opens the doors to a new fascinating world.
About an epic romance between a human girl and an alien boy when he and others of his kind are integrated into a suburban high school 10 years after they landed on Earth and were consigned to an internment camp.
Medical examiner Megan Hunt's unique approach to solving crimes puts her at odds with her superiors.
Mayor Tom Kane, diagnosed with a dementia disorder, struggles to keep his grip on power in Chicago.
A 14-year-old receives ghost powers and uses them to save the world.
Hosted by Morgan Freeman, Through the Wormhole will explore the deepest mysteries of existence - the questions that have puzzled mankind for eternity. What are we made of? What was there ...                See full summary »
Sophia, a misfit, discovers a passion for fashion, becoming an unlikely businesswoman in the process. As her business grows, however, she has to learn to cope with life as her own boss. This show is loosely based on the true story of Nasty Gal Founder, Sophia Amoruso.
A team of humanoid cats fight evil in their adopted home world.
A woman discovers she has a new relationship with time after surviving a car accident that almost killed her.
A comedy that follows a group of six students about to embark on the most exciting period of their lives so far, university.
Ned Bigby shares his advice on how to survive middle school.
The missions and trials of a Toronto police tactical unit.
Six people return from the dead with no memory and attempt to unveil what brought them to the grave in the first place.
Comedian Sacha Baron Cohen appears as Ali G, a rapper-wannabe from Staines. Ali G has his own TV show, where he interviews people on serious subjects. They're not aware that Ali G is just a...                See full summary »
Twenty something Josh is going through a number of big changes as he navigates his first decade of adulthood. After being dumped by his girlfriend, he comes to the realization that he is gay.
A team of detectives investigates stalkers in Los Angeles.
More drama occurs behind the scenes than on stage, as the team prepares an ambitious Broadway musical on the life of Marilyn Monroe.
A wide-eyed young scion of a conservative family embarks on a mission to infiltrate the wealthy neighboring clan dominated by ruthless railroad tycoon George Russell, his rakish son, Larry, and his ambitious wife, Bertha.
A whirlwind holiday romance builds as cynical Dash and optimistic Lily trade dares, dreams and desires in the notebook they pass back and forth at locations all across New York City.
Three South Carolina women, best friends since high school, shepherd one another through the complexities of romance, career, and family.
A series of horrible sudden deaths keep happening to a group of creatures caused by themselves doing the most stupid things.
After encounters with a dragon and a princess on her own mission, a Dragon Knight becomes embroiled in events larger than he could have ever imagined.
The misadventures of a Korean-Canadian family running a convenience store.
A psychotherapist questions his abilities and gets help by reuniting with his old therapist, whom he has not seen for ten years.
Set in 1996 in Lincolnshire, the show tells the tragic and humorous story of a very troubled young girl, Rae, who spent four months in a psychiatric hospital for attempted suicide. After ...                See full summary »
A coming-of-age story set against the backdrop of late 1980s counterculture, which follows a disillusioned teen recruited into a storied high school for assassins.
Eric Andre tries to host a talk show in a bizarre environment, where he is sometimes the player of pranks and sometimes the victim.
The misadventures of a blissfully macabre but extremely loving family.
Andy McNally and her friends are out of the academy and must adjust to the challenging life of a police officer at the 15th Division in Toronto.
Clancy, a spacecaster with a malfunctioning multiverse simulator, leaves the comfort of his home to interview beings living in dying worlds.
College freshman Steve Karp, his girlfriend and their fellow dormmates embark on one the greatest experiences of their lives. Unfortunately for Steve, his lonely and recently divorced father is tagging along for the ride.
A commoner living in ancient Greece, Heron discovers his true heritage as a son of Zeus, and his purpose: to save the world from a demonic army.
Three twenty-somethings share a Boston apartment and hang around (and work) at a pizza place.
A rookie FBI agent is sent to a house for undercover agents in Southern California, where he is trained by a former legend FBI agent.
The Hitter, the Hacker, the Grifter and the Thief are back, this time with help from a new tech genius and corporate fixer, to take on a new kind of villain. When someone needs help, they provide...Leverage.
The further and darker adventures of Batman with a new Robin, a closer association with Batgirl and the previous Robin now as Nightwing.
A mix of celebrity interviews, musical performers, audience participation games, and segments spotlighting real people with extraordinary stories and talents.
Series of unrelated short stories covering elements of crime, horror, drama, and comedy about people of different backgrounds committing murders, suicides, thefts, and other sorts of crime caused by certain motivations, perceived or not.
A young man competes with people around the world for a chance to become the succesor of God, with a diary that is able to tell the future.
When a Saturday afternoon trip to the mall with her mother suddenly explodes into violence, an adrift young woman's conception of her mother is forever changed.
Walker and his partner Trivette are Texas Rangers. They make it their business to battle crime in Dallas and all around the Great State of Texas.
The epic and over-the-top adventures of Dethklok, the world's most successful death metal band.
The crew of a research vessel are on a quest to find a missing TV explorer in the Amazon.
DI Jimmy Perez and his team investigate crimes within the close knit island community of Shetland.
A woman tries to solve the mysterious death of her brother, a famous DJ who disappeared from Ibiza many years ago.
The Powells are a typical American family living in Pacific Bay, California, whose members gain special powers after their plane crashes in the Amazon.
After 5 years of fighting in the crusades, Robin returns to England and leads a band of outlaws to outwit the Sheriff of Nottingham.
The lives and relationships of a group of siblings and their estranged father Frank Gallagher on a rough Manchester estate.
Teenager Courtney Whitmore joins the Justice Society of America. Based on the character from DC Comics.
Rick Harrison and his family own and run a pawn shop on the Las Vegas strip. They buy, sell, and appraise items of historical value.
The show revolves around the lives of the members of an Uber Wealthy - High Society Gujarati family of Cuffe Parade - South Bombay, whose daughter-in-law is from a middle class Delhi background.
Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant talk to Karl Pilkington about important things in life whilst Karl provides anything but intelligent answers. Comedy at its finest with wonderful animation.
A look at the early days of the crack cocaine epidemic in Los Angeles during the beginning of the 1980s.
A newly graduated doctor is required to set up his practice in an eccentric Alaskan town.
A private detective teams up with an ex-cop to solve a kidnapping case in Montana.
The untold story of Superman's grandfather as he fights for justice on his home planet.
An ordinary boy finds a magic amulet that chooses him to be a Trollhunter, a guardian that defends the world of humans and the secret world of trolls.
A Saturday morning series, collecting of some of the most popular classic cartoons from the Looney Tunes catalogue.
A university graduate working in the city morgue is able to repeat the same day over again to prevent murders or other disasters.
Set in a post-Jax Teller world, "Mayans MC" sees EZ Reyes, a former golden boy now fresh out of prison, as a prospect in the Mayan MC charter on the California-Mexico border who must carve out his new outlaw identity.
A hard-living aunt is forced to take care of her wealthy sister's spoiled kids after the mom flees the country to avoid criminal charges.
In 1667, 28-year-old all-powerful king of France, Louis XIV, decides to build the greatest palace in the world - Versailles. But drained budget, affairs and political intrigues complicate things.
A clan of heroic night creatures pledge to protect modern New York City as they did in Scotland one thousand years earlier.
Jimmy Kimmel interviews celebrities.
A sci-fi anthology series with stand-alone episodes based on the works of Philip K. Dick.
The missions of MI-5, the UK's domestic intelligence organization.
A bumbling superhero battles crime with the help of his daughter and pilot sidekick.
Therapist Jean Holloway becomes too immersed in the lives of her patients.
Daniel Tosh provides humorous commentary on content from the Internet.
Follows the lives of three sisters who, after the tragic death of their mother, discover they are powerful witches.
The two brothers have a plumbing company and they are trying to invent something that would make the world a better place.
After a vintage Chucky doll turns up at a suburban yard sale, an idyllic American town is thrown into chaos as a series of horrifying murders begin to expose the town's hypocrisies and secrets.
Procedural drama about the inner workings of the New York office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Set in an altered United States, several unrelated people discover how far they will go to survive a night where all crime is legal for 12 hours.
An Iraq war vet suffers a brain injury that triggers the ability to see connections between seemingly unrelated events, objects or people.
At a major university, the first woman of color to become chair tries to meet the dizzying demands and high expectations of a failing English department.
Anthology series which mixes dark humor with genres like crime, horror or drama. The show invites viewers into some very different No.9s, where the ordinary and mundane rub shoulders with the extraordinary and macabre.
A New York City grad student moonlighting as a dominatrix enlists her gay BFF from high school to be her assistant.
Follows three generations of the same Cuban-American family living in the same house: a newly divorced former military mother, her teenage daughter and tween son, and her old-school mother.
A specially gifted man, with the ability to instantly master any skill, escapes from a secret testing facility and travels the country taking on different jobs and helping strangers while hiding from his kidnappers.
A snobbish housewife is determined to climb the social ladder, in spite of her family's working class connections and the constant chagrin of her long suffering husband.
An updated iteration of the classic Looney Tunes characters focusing on their satirical misadventures living in suburbia.
Duncan MacLeod is Immortal, and must live in modern society, concealing his true nature while fighting other Immortals.
A female sleuth sashays through the back lanes and jazz clubs of Melbourne in the late 1920s, fighting injustice with her pearl-handled pistol and her dagger-sharp wit.
In 43 AD, the Roman Army returns to crush the Celtic heart of Britannia.
In the early 20th century, a young doctor arrives in a small Russian village around the time of the Russian Revolution to work in the local hospital.
A group of never-do-well forest rangers are facing the shutdown of their National Park when a new ranger arrives to help transform them and save the park.
A well-off young tech entrepreneur hires a feisty young food blogger to be his personal chef.
Centers on the real-life story of the flamboyant and visionary American founder of Selfridge's, London's department store.
A squad of U.S. marshals team up with cons (former fugitives) to work together on tracking down prison escapees in exchange for getting time off their sentences.
A group of 20 somethings living in New York City. Ben and Cameron work on starting a fashion company, while enjoying their lives in the greatest city in the world.
A young woman discovers she has the ability to hear the innermost thoughts of people around her as songs and musical numbers.
A coming-of-age story about four bright, street-savvy friends navigating their way through high school in the gritty South Central Los Angeles, trying to get their friend out of a gang, and having friendship turn into something more.
The troubled crew of Avenue 5, a space cruise ship filled with spoiled, rich, snotty space tourists, must try and keep everyone calm after their ship gets thrown off course into space and ends up needing three years to return to Earth.
An anthology series of stand-alone episodes delving into horror myths, legends, and lore.
The last son of the planet Krypton protects his adoptive home of Earth as the greatest of the superheroes.
After the destruction of the Twelve Colonies of Mankind, the last major fighter carrier leads a makeshift fugitive fleet on a desperate search for the legendary planet Earth.
A look at the formative years of superstar Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson as he grows up through life.
The show centers on Warwick Davis in his day-to-day life, complete with the frustrations he faces.
Kenan and Kel: two best friends who live in Chicago are always dragged down by Kenan's get rich quick schemes while orange soda-loving buddy Kel is dragged along but tends to mess things up.
A multi-generational saga set in Alberta, Canada and centered on a family getting through life together in both happy and trying times.
Zoey Brooks and her brother, Dustin, attend their first day at Pacific Coast Academy, a private boarding school that enrolls girls for the first time in its history.
A United States astronaut finds his life vastly complicated when he stumbles on to a bottle containing a female genie.
Alex Godman has spent his life trying to escape the shadow of his family's past. But when a murder unearths their past, Alex is drawn into the criminal underworld where he must confront his values to protect those he loves.
Ray Shoesmith is a father, ex-husband, boyfriend, brother and best friend, tough roles to juggle in the modern age. Especially when you're also a criminal for hire.
The trials and tribulations of Dr. Martin Ellingham (Martin Clunes), a socially challenged doctor who moves from London to the picturesque village of Port Wenn in Cornwall.
A musical comedy adventure featuring a knight on a quest for love who helps a childish king to see the error of his ways.
The workplace sitcom "NewsRadio" explores the office politics and interpersonal relationships among the staff of WNYX NewsRadio, New York's #2 news radio station.
An updated version of the classic anthology series featuring various tales of science fiction, mystery, and horror.
A Texan teen moves to New York City to follow her dreams and ends up as a nanny for a high-profile couple's four children.
A group of teens must survive after a crash leaves them stranded. There's just one twist to this thrilling drama - these girls did not end up on this island by accident.
The lives of the people of Arcadia, Missouri, are forever changed when their deceased loved ones return.
Socially inept Miranda always gets into awkward situations; working in her joke shop with best friend Stevie, being hounded by her pushy mother, and around her crush Gary.
Thirty-something Irish Catholic couple Sean and Claudia deal with their three children as well as Sean's judgmental father and carefree brother.
Sex, drugs and a gruesome murder. An edgy one night stand turns into a nightmare for Aditya, when he wakes up with blood on his hands. The evidence is stacked against him, but he doesn't remember the grisly crime. Is he guilty or not ?
Chef's Table goes inside the lives and kitchens of six of the world's most renowned international chefs. Each episode focuses on a single chef and their unique look at their lives, talents and passion from their piece of culinary heaven.
After being declared dead in absentia, an FBI agent must reclaim her family, identity and innocence when she finds herself the prime suspect in a string of murders.
Four very different thirtysomething working-mother friends try to balance their jobs, family lives, and love lives in modern-day Toronto, Canada.
Star Wars anthology series that will see some of the world's best anime creators bring their talent to this beloved universe.
Reba McEntire stars as the titular character in this smash sitcom about a single mom of three, navigating life in a Houston suburb.
The support crew serving on one of Starfleet's least important ships, the U.S.S. Cerritos, have to keep up with their duties, often while the ship is being rocked by a multitude of sci-fi anomalies.
A continuation of the Justice League animated series finds the original members of the team joined in their battle against crime and evil by dozens of other heroes from the DC comics universe.
The Pew News team reports unbiased news in which neither Gloria or Poppy ever give their own opinion, but sometimes they do. Just don't tell Pewdiepie.
A foul-mouthed nerd reviews bad video games.
A family comedy told through the separate stories of different family members.
A television show centered on a soul-searching Swedish cop.
The crazy and sometimes surreal comedic adventures of four very different students in Thatcher's Britain.
Three bear brothers do whatever they can to be a part of human society by doing what everyone around them does.
As WWII rages, DCS Foyle fights his own war on the home-front; investigating crime on the south coast of England. Later series, see the retired detective working as an MI5 agent in the aftermath of the war.
The wacky and sometimes surreal adventures of Norbert and Daggett Beaver.
A high-octane conspiracy series that follows the mystery of Flight 716 - a passenger plane that vanishes over the Atlantic Ocean.
A suburban mother faces her cancer diagnosis while trying to find humor and happiness as well.
She-Ra, Princess of Power, leads a rebellion to free her land of Etheria from the monstrous invaders the Horde.
A group of teenagers get together in the woods, and tell ghost stories.
A relationship forms between a gifted young girl and a man sprung from prison who has been tasked with protecting her from the evil elements that hunt her power.
Seven men and women are stranded on an uncharted island following a torrential storm.
Three girls become mermaids after a mysterious island transforms them and gives them special powers.
Set in Victorian London, the series follows a gang of troubled street teens who are manipulated into solving crimes for the sinister Doctor Watson and his mysterious business partner, the elusive Sherlock Holmes.
After 74 villains break out of prison, Marvel's most powerful superheroes team up to capture all of them, and also to defend the Earth from widespread threats.
After 15 years in foster homes, Lux decides to get emancipated, which leads to her meeting her birth parents.
Baloo the Bear from The Jungle Book (1967) is cast as a 1930s Pacific Islands bush pilot.
The first manned mission from Earth to Mars in 2033 attempts to colonize the red planet.
An actress raises her three daughters while juggling the pressures of working in Hollywood and being a single parent.
After numerous attempts of trying to be popular two best friends decide to come out as lesbians, which launches them to instant celebrity status. Seduced by their newfound fame, Karma and Amy decide to keep up their romantic ruse.